822 REPORT ON THE PROGRESS OF PHARMACY.

purpose of causing the fermentation of “Sur” or beer ‘The roots of
“ Mathosan" are mace mto cakes with barley which are sold as “ Dheli,””
and these ate probably identical with the “ Paps” of the Tibetans. This
subject 15 of the greatest imterest, for in these prepared barley and
Mathosan cakes we possess a substance that 1s said to keep good for a
long ume, and a small fragment of which may be relied upon to produce
fermentation or may be employed in raising bread. ‘To the numerous
officers in India who spend many months together in camp these small
fermenting-cakes should prove of the greatest service ; and it seems just
possible that this obscure fermentation agent might even be of value to the
brewing industry.—Chem. and Dmg., 1895, 76, Brit and Col. Drug.,
1895, 71.

Some Medea! Products from the Straits Settlements —¥:, M. Holmes says
that Biab, which was believed to belong to the genus Nauclea, is now con
sidered by him tobe Mé/ragyna speciosa Prual does not belong to either
of the Rubaceous genera, I asianthus or Urophyllum. Stapf will shortly
publish an account of his identification of the species Ipoh Aker is sup-
posed by Holnes to more nearly approach Siryehnos wadhchana, Poison
root, No. 4281, 18 the root of Dianella nemorosa Lass (Labiacee). Poko
Lulay 1s nearly alhed to Garcoma merguensts, Wight. Buah Kumbong
sa Mamgkok, the fruit possesses large boat-shaped follicles (which open
long before the seed is ripe) attached to the seed. ‘The seed differs. from
* Bungtalar,” 1n being covered with dense velvety pubescence, and in the
inner surface of the folhcle being abundantly furnished, and the external
spargly so, with stellate haus.—Pharm, Jour ‘Trans., 1895, 1095.

 

 

 

 

Export Trade of Veot, Persia —Of the exports of Yezd the most im-
portant is that of opium. It was more largely grown in this province than
anything else in comparison with their respective values. Various causes
have lately conduced to a decided falhng off in the cultivation of the
poppy Ina good year the total output of Yezd was some 1200 cases,
each case weighing about 130 Ibs. An average output would be about
1000 to 1200 cases. In speaking of the opium of Verd is included not
alone that only grown in the province, but also that produced m Khoras-
san, Tabbas, and even in the Herat district. ‘The crude stuff is sent to
Yezd, where it is manufactured. During the past year, viz., 1891-2, the
crop has been but a small one. ‘The prices ruhng in China and London
were low and not remunerative, consequently only about half the usual
amount was sown in the Yezd district, and this more for speculatwe pur-
poses than for anything else. ‘To still further reduce the output, the crop,
for want of proper spring rams, was a practical failure Hence, the maxi-
mum quantity of opium manufactured in Yezd was somewhat under 500
cases. One hundred and eighty-two pounds of the crnde material in
Yerd makes one case of 130 Ibs. manufactured article. Of Khorassan’s

 

 
