 

ts

 

        

= ne

 

, .
a
= -
~

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

JOURNAL OF THE F.M.S. MUSEUMS,

 

 
NGF POE

This Journal takes the place of the * Perak Muscuin Notes” ;
* the first number of which was issued in 1893.
JOURNAL

OF THE

FEDERATED MALAY STATES

MUSEUMS.

VOL. Il.

DECEMBER, 1906, TO MARCH, 1909.

KUALA LUMPUR:

PRINTED AT THE F.M.S. GOVERNMENT PRINTING OFFICE.

—_——

1909.
275/8-09,
 
CONTENTS.
No. 1.

Notes on the New Anti-opinm Drug, by L, Wray

A Visit to the Aroa Islands, with a List of Birds fonnd there, by Herbert
C. Robinson

“Kain Pelangi,” by L. Wray

Reports on Corundum from Perak, F.M.S8., by Prof. Wyndham R, Dunstan
Report by Director of Museums, F.M.S., 1905... er 60: ore
Report on the Perak Museum, 1905

Report on the Selangor Museum, 1905...

No. 2.

The Malay Varnish ealled “ Getah Luli,” by L. Wray ve ors

“ Biak:” An Opinm Substitute, by L. Wray ... ye goc ts pc
“ Suji Timba,” by L. Wray

Two Rubber Pests, by L. Wray ...

Die Inlandstimme der Malayischen Halbinsel, by Dr. Rudolf Martin por
The Food of the Haniadryad, by L. Wray rs rs see rs ras

Report on Erythrorylon Coca Leaves from Perak, by Prof. Wyndham R.
Dunstan art oc ers et oo es as tes ees

A Hand-List of the Birds of the Malay Peninsula, South of the Isthmus of
Kra, by Herbert C. Robinson oe

Report on a Sample of Lead Ore from Pahang, by L. Wray... as ara

Report by Director of Museums, F.M.S., 1906 ... ate

Report on the Perak Musenm, 1906... pec os oe are fe

Report on the Selangor Musenm, 1906... os a ces ae es
No. 3.

On Mammals collected by Mr. H. C. Robinson on Tioman and Aor Islands,
8. China Sea, by Oldfield Thomas ... re Pes oo nas as

On a Collection of Plants made by H. C. Robinson and L. Wray from
Gunong Tahan, Pahang, by H. N. Ridley and other Botanists...

New Mammals from the Malay Peninsula Region, by C. Boden Kloss...

66
838
S4
87

101

107
143
ll,

Page.

A Provisional List of the Mammals of the Peninsular Region, by C. Boden
Kloss... oe pac Do ys er i Pets boc 147

A List of the Bats ocenrring in the Peninsular Region with a Key to the
Genera, hy C. Boden Kloss... boc as a Pays Pere 151

7
No.

On a New Species of Cyornts from the Mountains of the Malay Peninsula,
hy Herbert C. Robinson we 168

The Birds at present known from the Mountains of the Malay Peninsula,
164

by Herbert C. Robingon
NOTES ON THE NEW ANTI-OPIUM DRUG.
By L. WRAY, 1.5.0.

PARTY of Chinese wood-cutiers, working in the jungle near
Seremban in Negri Sembilan, ran out of tea, and to supply its
place took the leaves of a jungle climber, dried them and made an
infusion in the ordinary way. This, however, was not successful, as
the beverage made the men ill with sakit pérut—i.e., bowel complaint.
The leaves were then roasted and a fair substitute for tea was obtain-
ed, which had no ill effects. Then, for some obscure reason, tengko,
opium dross, or the refuse opium after being smoked, was mixed with
it, and the men continued drinking the mixture for a week or more in
place of tea. After this time it was found that all desire for opium
smoking had been lost. Friends of the men were told of the dis-
covery, and so the news was spread and others were induced to try
the remedy.

The above is the history of the way in which the properties of the
plant, which is now quite extensively used as a cure for the opium-
smoking habit, was discovered. It was told to the writer by two of
the men now in charge of the factory of the Selangor Anti-opimn
Society in Weld Road, Kuala Lumpur, where the drng is being
prepared and distributed.

The plant which was thus used by these wood-cutters is a large
climber with a long woody stem, attaining im old specimens a dia-
meter of 6 to 7 inches and a length of a hundred or more feet. It
grows in the jungle and climbs up to the tops of the trees, so that
in the forest itself it would be very difficult to collect, as the branches
and leaves are far up out of reach. A very fine example of this great
climber is toe be seen in the town of Kuala Luwpur, near the railway
station, growing on the river bank and climbing up a large tree which
has escaped the destruction which has befallen its fellows when
the jungle was felled. In secondary forest, or bluka, it only
attains small altitudes and is easy of collection. The plant
appears to be quite common in and around Kuala Lumpur. It was
collected in 1894 on Waterfall Hill, Taiping, and the specimen is in
the Herbarium of the Perak Museum. Botanical specimens of the plant
in use at Kuala Lumpur were kindly obtained for identification by

Dec., 1906,
Mr. Choo Cheng Whay, of the Blondin Mine, Sungei NKrayong,
An examination of these preves that the plant belongs to the order
Combretaceae and is Combretum sundiacum. It is thus deseribed in
the “ Materials for a Flora of the Malayan Peninsula,” by Lieut.-
Colonel Sir George King, K.¢.1.5., ¥.R.8., page 337:

“3. Commretum sunpiacum (Mig. Fl. Ind. Bat., Suppl. 327).—A
very powerful climber ; young branches closely covered with deciduous
seales. Leaves opposite, thinly coriaceous, broadly elliptie to elliptie-
orbiedar, abruptly and very shortly acuminate; the base reunded,
ravelv: slightly cuneate, sometimes unequal-sided ; both surfaces ¢la-
brous, the upper punctate and with very sparse scales, the lower with
the scales more numerous and white with dark centres; main nerves
about six pairs, oblique, curving slightly, not prominent on the upper
surface, but slightly so on the lower when diy ; length 2.75 to 4 inches,
breadth 1.8 to 2.75 inches, petiole .4 to .8 inehes. Panicles axillary
and terminal, umbellate, longer than the leaves, the branches ending in
dense glodose, minutely bracteolate spikes. Calyx-tube about .35
inches long, minutely pubescent, not sealv, four-ridged along the ovary,
above it cylindric, expandmg upwards into a funnel-shaped mouth
with four narrowly triangular-acumimate reflexed lobes ; calyx inside
with a ring of hairs at its base, but not filled with long coarse hair,
narrowly ovate and very acute in bud. Petals much shorter than the
calvx-lobes, oval, not clawed, glabrous. Stamens exserted. Fruit
about 1 inch long and nearly as broad, with four coriaceous horizon-
tally-striate shining wings, and with a few minute seattered scales.
Clarke in Hooker, fil., I°7. Br. Ind. T, 458.

“Malacca: Maingay, 648. Singapore; Hullett, 89; Ridley, 4668.
Perak ; Seortechini, 1016. King’s Collector, 4360, 4452, 5864, 7827;

Wray. 4272.

Readily recognised by its panicled inflorescence, the branches hemg
umbellate and each ending in a globose spike of flowers with very
acute buds which are uot scaly.”

Its Malay name is given by Messrs. N. Ridley and C. Curtis in
“Malay Plant Names” in the Journal of the Straits Branch of the
Royal Asiatic Society,” No. 38, p. 58, as akar gegambar. Two
species of the genus, Combretum decandrum and C. nanum, are men-
tioned by Sir George Watt in “A Dictionary of the Economic Pro-
ducts of India” as being used in native Indian medicine, but without
any details as to their properties or the diseases for which they are
preseri bed.

The method of preparing the drag for use is as follows: The
branches of the plant are collected in the jungles around Kuala
Lumpur and brought in. It at first fetched $4 per pikul (133% Ibs. )
in the green state, but the price subsequently fell to 52. About 120
pikuls (7 tons 3 cwts.) have been used durimg the three weeks that
the society has been in operation. On arrival it is coarsely chopped
up—twigs, leaves and all—into pieces about an mech to an inch and a
half in length. This is done either with an axe or a Chinese chopping
knife on a block of wood or by means of a pair of large shears, such as
are used by Chinese apothecaries, resembling the instrument employed
to cut cardboard. That is, there is a steel straight-edge fixed hori-
zontally to a block of wood and a movable knife-blade, pivoted at one
end and furnished with a handle at its free extremity, by which it can
be bronght down scissor-wise ayainst the fixed blade.

The chopped stuff is allowed to dry for three or more days and is
then put on large circular bamboo trays of about 25 feet in diameter,
and by the same winnowing action as is applied to padi after husking
the woody portions are separated from the leaves. The latter being
light are thrown off the tray, and the stalks by reason of their greater
weight remain on it. The two qualities into which it is thus divided
are put into separate sacks or baskets.

The next process is roasting. This is done on a large plate of
sheet iron, set in brickwork, over a charcoal fire. The iron measures
about 9 feet by 3 feet and has a low brick wall of about 1 foot in
height around three sides of it. The remaining side, a short one, being
left open to enable the roasted leaf to be easily scraped off into baskets
ut the completion of the operation. The object of separating the
material is that the leaves are not roasted quite so much as the sticks,
though in both cases the process is carried so fay that a very consider-
able proportion of the whole is reduced to charcoal. According to the
latest practice the roasting is not pushed quite as far as formerly.
While roasting, the charge is kept in motion by two men armed with
wooden hoe-like implements. When sufficiently roasted the drug is
removed from the roasting furnace and the two portions, the leaf and
the stick, are mixed together again.

The infusion is prepared by taking from 6 to 8 tahil of the roasted
drug and putting it into a kerosene oil tin filled with water. That is,
8 to 102 ozs. avoirdupois to nearly 4 gallons of water. he tins are
set ina double row on four square-sectioned parallel, horizontal iron
bars supported on brickwork at abont 9 inches from the floor level
and are heated by charcoal fires kindled beneath the supporting bars
on a grate composed of closely placed round iron rods. The tins are
kept boiling for about three hours, being covered during that time by
loose-fitting squares of tin-plate. The liquid is then poured through
a fine rattan sieve, having meshes of about one-eighth of an inch
square, into Jarge wooden barrels. The sieve retains all the grosser
portions of the spent drug, which is then thrown away. The infusion
is next ladled up, by means of bucket-shaped ladles made of tin-plate
4.

and tixed on te the end of long wooden handles, aud is then strained
through a piece of white cloth into other barrels. ‘This completes the
process, and the infusion is bottled by dipping it out with the before
mentioned ladles and pouring it through a tin funnel into square gin
or other bottles which are brought by the patients. It is a brown,
rather turbid, tea-hke fluid as thns prepared.

A complete series of specimens, illustrating the preparation of the
drug, have been collected and prepared for exhibition in the Perak
Museum.

This decoction is prescribed as follows: Whatever the amount of
opium a man habitually sinokes, that amount is to be mixed with the
infusion. It may be mentioned here that the average opium smoker
takes from 2 to 3 chi (116§ grains to 175 graims) of chandu per diem.
This quantity is often exceeded and in one case 1} tahil (875 grains.)
is stated to be the daily allowance of a particular smoker. Chandu,
which is the opium as prepared by the Chinese for the use of smokers,
is less potent that the official B. P Extract of Opium. In the act of
smoking a considerable quantity of the alkaloids contained in the
chandu is certainly destroyed and only a mere fraction is absorbed
into the system of the smoker. ‘To proceed, if, for instance, a man
has been in the habit of smoking 2 chi of chandu per day, then two
reputed quart bottles (a) and (U) of the infusion are taken, and ito
one (a) is put 2 chi of burnt chandu, roasted on an iron skewer-like
instrument in the same way as it would be if beg prepared for
smoking. ‘Then a Chinese tea-cup is half filled from bettle (@) and
taken by the patient, and half a tea-cup from bottle (J), the one which
does not contain any opium, is put into (a). This is repeated each
time a dose is taken, so that the lhquid in (a), while maintaining its
Dulk, continually decreases in its opium contents, until bottle (0) is
exhausted. The dose is to be taken as many times a day as the
patient has been in the habit of sinoking, usually three or four times,
until the two hottles are finished; when the man should, it is stated,
be cured of all wish to smoke. Tf this is not the case, then the treat-
ment is to be repeated, but with a smaller initial proportion of burnt
opium in bottle (¢), the amount being again decreased if a third
course 1s necessary. It is stated that sometimes two courses are sufli-
cient, but generally three are required.

It will probably be of interest to go more fully into the curious
system of dilution and dosage adopted in this instance. A Chinese
tea-cup holds about three fluid ounces and a reputed quart bottle
approxinately 25 ounces, so that cach lottle would contain some
16 doses. The decrease in the amount of opium would be ~jth of the
total ainount after the first dose and ;,th of the remainder for the
next, and so on for each succeeding one, up to the 17th dose, when
the dilution would remain constant to the 32nd dose. At 2 chi of
5

opium, and three doses per day, the strength of the first 21 doses would
be as under—

Amount of opium

Davs. Doses.
. per dose,

Amount per day. Daily decrease.

1... 7.291 grains

2 | 6830. ,,
lo. 83... 6449 4, = 20.540 grams

4 | 6.008 .

5 5 633 i ~ yon erains
9 6... 5.209 . 16850 ,,

7 |. 4950 7

8 464. - yes ”
3... 9 435) 2 13,942,

10... 4079 . |

ll... 3824 ” . f 2468 '
4 ..12 3585 . 11488,

3 | 3361 | os

14 31st | i yor
Bo WB 2954, 9466.

16. 2769 o

17. 2.396 1.505,

6 ... 18 ... 2.696 _,, 7.961 __,,
19 ,,. 2.596 _
20 ... 2.596 __,,

7 ... 21... 2.596 _,, 7.773,

0.183 ,,

Nee Nee

This last strength would continue till the two bottles were
exhausted on the 11th day, when the whole of the 2 chi, equal to
116.666 grains would have been taken. In the above computation,
figures beyond the third place of decimals were discarded, so that it 1s
only approximately correct. If anyone takes the trouble to check it,
it will be found that only 116.604 grains of opium are accounted for.

As the infusion contains no preservative, it is very subject to
fermentative and other changes, so that it often becomes putrescent
and has to be thrown away before the end of acourse. A fresh supply
then has to be obtained. This is stated to be of frequent occurrence,
consequently only a portion of each supply is taken by the patient in
many cases. .

Abont 130 gallons of infusion are being made and distributed to
the Chinese per day and the number of patients being treated is now
(24th Noy.) from 260 to 270. The society began work on the 3rd
November and from that date to the 23rd November 6,130 people applied
for and were given the infusion. This is equal to a daily average of 292
patients. Aceurate records appear to have been kept by the society,
and there would seem to be no reason to doubt the correctness of these
figures. The whole work is most methodically carried out. Each
applicant receives a printed slip of paper containing the directions in
Chinese as to the use of the drug and a wooden check, at the office ;
the latter he presents at the factory and receives in exchange two
6

bottles of the infusion. The checks are subsequently returned to the
office and are used im preparing the records.

From the 16th to the 23rd of November about 396 patients had
reported that they were completely cured of the habit. Previous to
the former date no records on the subject were kept. Many patients
naturally do not trouble to return and make a report.

Besides the Weld Road Establishment of the Selangor Anti-opium
Society in Kuala Lumpur, to which the above figures alone relate,
branches of the society have been opened at Kepong, Rawang,
Serendah, Sungei Besi and Kajang.

It is also being prepared and distributed at the Methodist Episcopal
Mission Hall in Sultan Street, Kuala Lumpur, and at an independent
place m Kuala Kubu. In Penang, Seremban, Malacca and Singapore
itis in use. The drug is sent from Seremban to Malacea and from
Kuala Taunpur to Penang and Singapore.

The Rev. W. E. Horley writes, under date the 6th December, that
‘about 8,000 people have apphed for the medicine at our Mission
Hall” in Sultan Street, Kuala Lumpur; und “over 7,000” in Ipoh,
Perak, ‘ within the last few weeks.”

The official opium returns for the State of Selangor show a very
considerable reduction during the months of November and December.
The figures for the period from June to December are as follows:

Month. Chests of Total duty and

 

opium, handling charges.
June wee i .. 141.00... $79,365.00
July 7 oe .. 158.00... 86,090.00
August Le - .. 146.00... 82,155.00
September re .. 136.00... 76,382.50
October ves oe .. 145.00... 81,590.00
November vee _ .. 106.00... 59,667.50
December a Le w= 122.08... 68,840.50

949,03

. 934,090.50

 

Taking the average of the five first months, as a standard, the
consumption during November shows a decrease of 38 chests and the
revenue collected during the same period a decrease of $21,449. The
figures for December show a decrease of 22 chests, which is 16 chests
invre than the November total. This increase is probably due to a
return of a certain number of the patients to their opium pipes.

[t is assumed by thuse interested in the matter that this large
falling off is directly due tu the effects of the anti-opium drug which
(

has been distributed. It is undoubtedly dificult to put forward any
other cause which would satisfactorily account for such an extensive
decline; for there has been no change to speak of in the mining
industry, the price of tin has been well maintained, there has not been
any labour trouble and no exodus of Chinese from the State. It
appears, therefore, that the cause is attributable to there being less
opium smoked, not of necessity, but from choice.

The details above given appear to go far towards proving that
there is some efficacy in the treatment, and further, that it 1s not
merely the substitution of one drug habit for another. Whether the
uctive ingredient is the anti-opium plant or the burnt opium admunis-
tered internally in gradually decreasing doves, is a subject worthy of
investigation. The latter is possibly the true cause and the anti-opiuni
plant may only act as an astringent, preventing the distressing intes-
tinal troubles which usually supervene on a stoppage of a customary
supply of opium. The amount and nature of the alkaloids present in
burnt opium is also a promising field of enquiry. The charred state of
the anti-opium drug, which was in use up to quite recently, suggests
that any alkaloidal principle which it might possess had been destroyed
in the process of roasting, or rather charring, to which it had been
subjected. Should the above surmise prove correct, it is possible that
gambier or some other astringent might, with advantage, be substitu-
ted for the anti-opium plant.

The favourable results so far attained appear to warrant the eyperi-
mental trial of the treatment on the opium smokers who, from time to
time, find their way into the various lock-ups and prisons of the
Federated Malay States. These wretched people, as all those who have
either seen or heard them must be aware, suffer very severely during
the first few days of their incarceration from the compulsory cessation
of the supply of opium. It might be argued that pity was thrown
away on them, but it should be remembered that the innocent suffer
as well as the wrong-doers; for it is by no means everyone who is
detained in custody who is either guilty or is subsequently convicted
of the charge brought against him. Besides these humane considera-
tions, it would be a most favourable opportunity of testmg the efficacy
of the treatment under circumstances where the results could be
watched and recorded.

The writer wishes to gratefully acknowledge the kind assistance
which was given to him by Mr. H. C. Ridges, Protector of Chinese,
Selangor ; the Rev. W. E. Horley, of the Methodist Episcopal Mission ;
Mr. Choo Cheng Khay; and the representatives of the Selangor
Anti-opium Society at Weld Road, by furnishing information,
supplying specimens and affording opportunities for personally
investigating the process of the preparation and distribution of the
drug.
oe)

A VISIT TO THE AROA ISLANDS, WITH A LIST OF
THE BIRDS FOUND THERE.

By HERBERT C. ROBINSON, ™.8.0.0., €...2.8.

ee Aroa Islands, as they are called on the British Admiralty

charts, though the name is not known to the local Malays, are a
small group of islets in the Straits of Malacca some twenty-five miles
to the east of the Sumatran Coast, south of Asahan and about the
same distance due west of One Fathom Bank, the well-known light-
house on the fairway for large shipping between Penang and
Singapore.

The majority of the islands are of metamorphic formation, sand-
stones, shales and schists, though there is reason to believe that the
southernmost islet, Pulan Tokong, which rises abruptly from the sea
and on which I was unable to land owing to heavy surf, is of
granite. ‘The elevation of no one of the group exceeds eighty feet and
most of them are much less than that, some of them being mere half-
tide rocks.

Navigation in the Archipelago is difficult even for small launches,
owing to the very strong tides and to the large quantity of mud from
the Sungei Rokan estuary hiding the position of sunken rocks, which
are numerous. There are only two anchorages which are at all safe:
one to the north of Pulau Jemor in four to six fathoms of water,
which can be used in the south-east monsoon; and another in deeper
water to the west of the same island, which is safer during the north-
east inonsoon, though in both the holding ground is somewhat foul.

Pulau Jemor, or Long Aroa, is the only island we visited and is
the only one which has permanent water, though this is uncertain in
quantity and indifferent in quality. In shape, the island is Jong and
narrow about half a mile in length by a quarter in maximum breadth,
and contains perhaps a hundred acres. Near the centre it is cleft,
almost to sea level, by a narrow gully, which connects two sandy
beaches on which large numbers of turtles deposit their eggs. The
privilege of collecting turtle eggs on this and other islands of the
group is farmed to Malays by the Sultan of Siak for the annual sum
of §£00 and 12,000 eggs, and two or three tumble-down huts in the
gully are more or less regularly inhabited by men on the look-out for
the eggs which are laid, fairly uniformly throughout the year.
Otherwise the group is quite uninhabited, though formerly it was much
resorted to by pirates from Linggi and Selangor, by whom the fine
grove of coconuts existing on Pulau Jemor was probably planted.

Vegetation is very scanty, and in the more exposed situations
consists merely of a coarse and wiry sedge-like grass growing i
isolated tufts on the sandstone, interspersed with a few stunted Pan-

dani and the almost universal Straits Rhododendron or Senduduk
(Melastoma malabathricum).
)

In the gullies it is rather more luxuriant and one or two large
trees and pals occur, while the undergrowth is chiefly a coarse bracken-
like fern (Gleichenialincaris). The sea-shore trees are the usnal
Calophyllum, overgrown with orchids, ferns (Davalia, sp.) and two or
three species of Myrmecophilous plants.

The largest tree on the island was a specimen of J’erocarpus
indicus, and there were also several fine mango trees.

Turning to animal life, the only mammal is a large rat, which was
very abundant and which, in the present days of minute differentiation,
will probably be honoured with a new specific name. Neither
squirrels nor tree-shrews occur.

Lizards of three species—viz., a gecko, a skink ( Mabuia inultifas-
ciata) and a monitor (Veranus salrator)—were common; the latter
feeding on the small crabs, which scurried in milhons over the smooth
sand near the water’s edge. A toad was also noticed in a sinall
swamp, though specimens were unfortunately not brought home.

 

During my first visit in August, with the exception of sea and
shore birds, very few varieties were noted ; but during our second stay
in November, the island was frequented by many species on migration,
and as little or nothing is known of migration routes in Southern
Asia, I have thought it worth while to give a complete list of the
species observed or obtained.

Insects were scarce ; no butterflies were see, and only a few moths,
principally Crambidae and Tineidae. Two or three dragon flies,
belonging to wide-spread mainland forms, were observed and several
species of grasshoppers including a large species of Acridium.

LIST OF BERDS.
*1. PTILINOPUS JAMBU-TUE VPINI-HEADED FRUIT-DOVE,

Ptilinopus jambu (Gim.); Salvad., Cut. Birds Brit. Mus., xxi., p. 80
(1893).

Leucotreron jambu (Gin.); Sharpe, Hand-list of Birds, 1. p. 56
(1899).

_ A single male was seen and shot durmg our first visit in August,
but fell into the sea and could not be retrieved.

This fruit pigeon, though formerly common in the old Malacca
collections, is now decidedly rare and local in most parts of the
Peninsula with which J am acquainted. It is found at all elevations up
to about 4,000 feet, but appears to frequent by preference the vicinity
of the coastal belt of mangroves. In such situations, I have, on one
or two occasions, seen it in considerable numbers, notably at the mouth
of the Linggi River on the borders of Negri Sembilan and the terri-
tory of Malacca in December, 1904.
10

2. AMAURORNIS PHAENICURA-THE WHITE-BREASTED WATER HEN,
Amauroruis phaenicura (orst.); Sharpe, Cat. Birds, xxi., p. 156
(1894) : id... Hand-lst of Birds, 1., p. 106 (1899).
A single adult was shot ina small swamp. Very common in suit-
able localities at all seasons of the year throughout the Malay Peninsula.

3% STERN. DOUGALLI-THE ROSEATE TERN,

Sterna dougalli (Mont.); Howard Sauuders, Cat. Birds, xxv., p. 70
(1896) ; Sharpe, Hund-list, i., p. 185 (1899).

Probably nesting on some of the smaller islands of the group.
Three specimens in full breeding plunage were shot in August, when
the species was very abuudant, thongh not a single tern of any kind
was seen in November.

4. STERNAL ANAESTUELA—TME PANAYAN TERN,
Sterna anuestheta (Scop.); Howard Saunders, t.c., p. 101; Shavpe,.
f.c., p. 136.
One specimen.

Fairly abundant in August, but not socommon as the Roseate Tern

5. NUMENTIUS VARIEGATUS—-THE EASTERN WHIMBREL.

Nunienius variegatus (Scop.); Sharpe, Cut. Birds, xxiv., p. 361
(1896) : id., Hund-list, 1., p. 158 (1899).

A single female was shot on 18th November.

Along the mud-ilats and estuaries of the Selangor coast both
whimbrels and curlews are enormously abundant during the winter
months, the former occurring in flocks of several hundred individuals,
while, on the other hand, it is rare to see more than forty or fifty
curlews together.

6. TRINGOIDES HYPOLEUCUS—T0E COMMON SANDPIPER.

Tringvides hypoleucus (Linn.) ; Sharpe, Cut. Birds, xxiv., p. 456
(1806) ; id., Hond-list, 1., p. 161 (1899).

A single female.

Common on river banks and the sea-shore during the winter months.

°7. ARDEA SUMATILANA—THE DUSKY-GREY HERON,

Ardea sumatrana (Raffles) ; Sharpe, Cat. Birds, xxvi., p. 68 (1898) ;
id., Haud-lizt, i., p. 194 (1899).

A single specimen was seen, but not secured. Elsewhere in the
Peninsula it is very abundant among the mangroves edging the tidal
rivers, and is vccasionally inet with along open stretches of sandy beach.
In the formér situations it is remarkably fearless and can be ap-
proached within very few vards,
8 DEMIEGRETTA SACRA-TUB REEF HERON.

Demiegretta sacra (Gin.); Sharpe, te, p. 186; id., Hand-list, t,
p. 198.

Very common. All the specimens shot or seen were in the grey
phase and those obtained in August were in nuptial plumage.
9, GORSACIIUS MELANOLOPHUS—THE MALAY BITTERN.

Gorsachius melanolophus (Rattles) ; Sharpe, t.e., p. 166; id., Hund-
list, 1., p. 199.

A single immature specimen was shot among high bracken at dusk.

Owing to its skulking and nocturnal habits, this species is rarely
obtained and is not represented in the Singapore or Perak Musetns or
until recently in the Selangor Musewn, which, however, has just receiv-
ed a fine adult from Kuala Selangor. I doubt if it is really by any

means rare and in past years numerous specimens seem to have been
obtained in the vicinity of Malacca.

WwW. NYVCTICORAXN NYCTICORAX—TIE NIGHT JLERON.

Nycticorax nycticorax (Linn.) ; Sharpe, t.c., p. 46; id., Hund-list,
1, p. 198.

One immature bird was obtained.

1, BUTORIDES JAVANICA—THE LITTLE GREEN IERON.

Butorides javanica (Horsf.) ; Sharpe, tc., p. 177; id., Hund-list, 1.,
p. 199.

Several specimens are in the collection.
Very common throughout the coastal districts, especially among
the mangroves,
2. DUPETOR FLAVICOLLIS—THE BLACK BITTERN,

Dupetor flavicollis (Lath.); Sharpe, le., p. 247; id., Hond-list, 1.,
p. 205,

An adult and an immature bird were secured, also from among
high bracken.

Somewhat uncommon in the Peninsula.

13. SULA SULA—THE BROWN GANNET.
Sula sula (Linn.) ; Ogilvie-Grant, Cat. Birds, xxvi., p. 436; Sharpe,
Hand-list, 1., p. 236.

Very large numbers of this gannet roosted on # small rock known
as Pulau Tokong, rising vertically from the sea to a height of forty or
12

fifty feet, some miles south-east of Pulau Jemor, where our main
collections were formed. The entire colony, consisting of some hun-
dreds, appeared to he adult birds.

In the immediate neighbourhood of the coasts of the Malay Penin-
sula gannets are very rarely seen. An adult bird in the Selangor
Museum was caught by flying under the thwarts of a boat at Pulau
Jarak, in the centre of the Straits of Malacca, about a hundred and
thirty miles south of Penang.

*1L FREGATA AQUILA—-THE LARGER FRIGATE BIRD.

Fregata aquila (Linn.) ; Ogilvie-Grant, t.c., p. 443; Sharpe, t.c.,

p. 237.

Immense flocks of frigate birds were met with round the islands,
but none could be obtained. They are not often seen in the southern
half of the Straits of Malacca, except during the prevalence of strong
winds, and I have only noted them once on the east coast of the
Peninsula, near Senggora in December, 1901, during a strong gale
from the north-east.

1s. ACCIPITER VIRGATUS-THE BESRA SPARROW HAWK.

Accipiter virgatus (Temm.) ; Sharpe, Cat. Birds, 1., p. 150 (1874) ;
id., Hand-list of Birds, 1., p. 253 (1899).

A constant stream of these small sparrow hawks, nearly all imima-
ture birds and evidently on migration, was passing over the islands
during our visit in November und over thirty were shot. They were
obviously half starving and showed extraordinary boldness in chasing
and striking down birds much larger than themselves, several being
captured in the act. They were observed feeding on Pitta eyanoptera,
Coccystes coromandus, Surniculus Ingubris, Dicrurus annectens and
Hierrecocerx fugax ; the mimetic resemblance, the latter bird is said
to possess, is thus evidently no protection against the actual model.

With the possible exception of the Brahminy Kite and the White-
hellicd Sea Eagle, this is the commonest bird of prey in the Malay
Peninsula and is found everywhere from the top of the highest moun-
tains to sea level, and in the densest jungle as well as on open grass
plains.

FALCO PEREGRINUS-THE PEREGRINE VALCON,

Faleo peregrinus (Tunst.) ; Sharpe, tc, p. 374; id., Hand-lisl, 1.,
p. 273 (189%).

Two inales and a female were shot, but the two former fell into a
tide-rip and cold not be recovered. The specimen secured 1s not very

dark and cannot be referred to the Sondaic and Papuan race, Falco
ernesti (Sharpe, This, 1594, p. 544).
WW. PERNIS PTILONORHYNCHUS—THE CRESTED HONEY-BUZZARD.

Pernis ptilonorhynchus (Temim.) ; Sharpe, tc., p. 347; id., Hand-
list, 1., p. 271 (1899).

A single immature female.

"18, MALIAETUS LREUCOGASTER-TUR WHITE BELLIED SEA BEAGLE.
Haliaetus leneogaster (Gin.) ; Sharpe, t.c., p. 3807; td., Hand-list,
1, p., 267 (1899).

Seen, but not seenred.

19, NIVOX SCUTULATA—-THE HAWK OWL.
Ninox scutulata (Raffles) ; Sharpe, Cut. Birds, i1., p. 156 (1875) ;
id., Hand-list, 1., p. 290 (1899).

One very dark-coloured adult male.

One or more pairs of this owl are generally to be found on the
small islands in the Straits of Malacca during the winter months,
picking up a precarious existence by feeding on the smaller birds that
may halt on the islands during migration.

*20, SCOPS, sp.

A very small owl, probably a Scops but possibly a species of
Glaucidium, was observed, but not obtained.

21. CRYN TRIDACTYLA—-THE THREE-TOED KINGFISHER.

Ceyx tridactyla (Pall.); Sharpe, Cat. Birds, xvii., p. 174 (1892) ;
id., Hand-list, 11., p. 52 (1900).

One adult female.

A somewhat unexpected find on a tiny island like Pulau Jemor
with no running water.
22, HALCYON COROMANDUS-THE RUDDY KINGFISHER.

Halcyon coromandus (Lath.) ; Sharpe, t.c., p. 217; id., Hand-list,
il., p. 56 (1900).

One adult.

23. MALCYON PILEATUS—THE BULACK-CAPPED KINGFISHER.

Haleyon pileatus (Bodd.); Sharpe, t.c., p. 229; id., Hand-list, ii.,
p. 57 (1900).

Two males and three females, all somewhat immature, as is shown
by the black edgings to the feathers of the breast.
I+

2 BURYSTOMUS CALONYNX-THE MIGRATORY ROLLER,
Eurystomus calonyy (fodys., M.S.) : Sharpe. te. p. 38, pl. i, fig. 2;
id., Hand-list, i1., p. 47 (1900).
The seven specimens obtained are all immature birds in moult,
but seem to belong to this sub-species.

295, CAPRIMULGUS JOTAKA-THE JUNGLE NIGHTJAR.
Caprimulens jotaka (Temm. & Schleg.); Hart., Cat. Birds, xvi.,
p. 552 (1892); Sharpe, Hand-list, 11., p. 88 (1900).

Common on the island, four specimens having been obtained; on
the mainland of the Peninsula it is decidedly rare, and in the low
country is met with only during the winter months, thongh it is
possible that it is resident throughout the vear on the higher moun.
tals.

28, COCCYSTES COROMANDUS—THE RED.WINGED CRESTED CUCKOO.
Coceystes coromandus (Linn.); Shelley, Cat. Birds, xix., p. 214
(1891): Sharpe, Hand-list, i1., p. 155 (1900).

Very common.

27, SURNICULUS LUGUBRIS—THE DRONGO CUCKOO.
Surniculus lugubris (Horsf.): Shelley, t.c., p. 227; Sharpe, t.c.,
p- 156.

One specimen brought to ground by a sparrow hawk.
28, ITEROCOCCYN FUGAX—THE MALAY WAWK CUCKOO,

Hierococeyx fugax (Horsf.) ; Shelley, t.c., p. 236 ; Sharpe, t.c., p. 157.

A series of nine birds, of which three are very adult, as shown by
the uniforin deep lead grey of the upper surface. All the specimens
agree in having a narrow terminal band of bright rufons to the tail.

an, CUCULUS MICROPTERUS—THE INDIAN CUCKOO,

Cuculus micropterus (Gould.) ; Shelley, t.c., p. 241; Sharpe, t.c.,

p. 158.

Four immature and one adult specimen.

gin, CUCULUS INTERMEDIUS—THY WIMALAYAN CUCKOO,
Cuculus intermedius (Vahl.); Shelley, t.c., p. 252.
Cuculus saturatus (Hodgs.) ; Sharpe, te., p. 158.
A single adult male.
31. EUDYNANIS MONORATA—THE KORL.

Fudynanis honorata (linn.): Shelley, tc., p. 316; Sharpe, t.c.,
p. 16-4.

Extraordinarily abundant on most of the small islands of the
Straits of Malacca from October to April.
15

32. PITTA CYANOPTER.L-THE LESSER BLUE-WINGED PITTA,

Pitta cyanoptera (Temm.) ; Sclater, Cat. Birds, xiv., p. 420 (1888) ;
Sharpe, Hand-list, ii1., p. 180 (1901).

Very numerous; also common in the winter mouths on Pulau
Jarak and the Sembilan Islands, together with the succeeding species.

33, PITTA CUCULLATA—TIE HOODED PITTA,
Pitta cucullata (Hartl.); Sclater, t.c., p. 442; Sharpe, t.c., p. 184.

Not quite so common as the preceding, but very abundant.

34, LARVIVORA CYANEA—THE SIBERIAN BLUE CHAT.

Larvivora cyanea (Pall.); Oates, Faun. Brit. Ind. Birds, i.,
p. 181 (1889) ; Robinson, Journ., FMS. Mus., i., p. 28 (1905).

A single immature male, in plumage precisely resembling the adult
female, was obtained on 14th November, and an adult male was also
shot on the same day, but at such close quarters that it was found im-
possible to make a skin of it.

Between November and April the species is not uncommon in the
mountains of Selangor and Negri Sembilan, at altitudes varying from
2,000 feet to 4,000 feet, but, so far as my experience goes, it is never
met with in the low country. It has not hitherto been recorded from
Sumatra,

35. LOCUSTELLA LANCHOLATA—THE STREAKED GRASSHOPPER-WARBLER.

Locustella lanceolata (Temm.); Oates, Faun. Brit. Iud. Birds, 1.,
p. 953 (1889) ; Sharpe, Hand-list, iv., p. 186 (1903).

Three specimens of this warbler, which is called by the natives
burong tikus or rat bird, were collected among long grass and bracken,
being very shy and secretive in their habits. Two of these have the
tail coverts uniform, while the third has them thickly streaked with
blackish-brown, the streaks on the flanks being also much more pro-
nounced. Of a pair collected on the coast of Selangor, the male has
the under coverts streaked, while those of the female are uniform, so
that the difference is possibly sexual. The species has not apparently
been recorded either from the Malay Peninsula or Sumatra, though it
is probably common in both countries in suitable localities during the
winter mouths.

36. TURDUS OBSCURUS—~THE DARK OUZEL.
Turdus obscurus (Gmn.); Sharpe, Hand-list, iv., p. 140 (1908).

Merwla obscura (Gm.); Oates, Faun. Brit. Ind. Birds, i., p. 18
(1890).

Numerous individuals were seen on the day of our departure, after
aw somewhat stormy night, and a single specimen secured. The species
10

Wits Very collinen on Pulau Jarak in December, 1904, and oecurs abun-
dantly on the mountains of the Peninsult throughout the winter
mouths, but xppears to make only a very brict stay im the lowlands on
arrival and departure.

37. HEMICHELIDON FERRUGINEA—-THE FERUGINOUS FLYCATCHER.

Hemichclidon ferruginea (Hodgs.) ; Sharpe, Cat. Birds, iv., p. 122
(1879); Oules, Faun. Brit. Ind. Birds, ii, p. 6 (1890); Sharpe,
Hand-list, iii.. p. 20-4 (1903).

A single female.

Very eommon on the high mountains of the Peninsula, being pro-
hably resident throughout the year above 4,900 feet.

3s. ALSEONAX LATIROSTRIS—THE BROWN FLYCATCHER.
Alseonax latirostris (Raftles.); Sharpe, t.c., iv., p. 127 (1879) ;
Outes, Faun. Brit. Ind. Birds, ii., p. 35 (1890); Sharpe, Hand-list,
iil., p. 206 (1903).
One male.

Common in the low country in the Malay Peninsula throughout
the vear, but much more abundant in the winter months.

30, TERPSIPHONE AFFINIS—THE BURMESE PARADISE FLYCATCHER.

Terpsiphone affinis (Hay.); Sharpe, t.c., p. 349; Oates, t.c., p. 47;
Sharpe, Hand-list, ii, p. 263 (1903).

An adult female, probably belongs to this species, though it is
extremely difficult to distinguish between females and young males of
T. affinis and the closely allied T. incit (Gould).

t. DICRURUS ANNECTENS—-THE CROW-BILLED DRONGO.

Dierurus annectens (Hodgs.); Oates, Fuun. Brit. Ind. Birds, i.,
p. 312 (1889) : Sharpe, Cat. Birds, ii., p. 271 (1878) ; Robinson, Journ.,
P.M.S. Wies., i., p. 28 (1905).

Numercus speciincns, both adult and young. Very common also
on Pulau Jarak in December, 1904, and April, 1906. Widely distri-
buted throughout the Malay Peninsula in the winter months up to an
altitude of about 3,000 feet, but scaree at other seasons.

* 41, CORVUS, sp.

A crow. probably Corvus macrorhynchus, but possibly Corvus enca,
the Slender-Lilled Crow, which I have recently ascertained to be fairly
common in the Malay Peninsula, was also observed.
“KAIN PELANGI.”
By L. WRAY. .

We appropriately named cloth is now much in fashion with the
~~ Malays of the Straits and the Federated Malay States. It
would appear to be of quite modern introduction, thoneh it has
obviously been developed from the much older tie-and-dye work so
extensively emploved in India for the decoration of cloth. The
earliest examples of it, in the Native States, came under my observa-
tion in about the concluding vear of the last century.

The Malay name means “rainbow cloth.” It, however, differs
very materially from the cloth which was brought ont in Europe
under this name some few vears ago. This had no pattern, but was
dyed to represent the colourng of the spectrum, the colours grading
one into the other. In the “kam pelangi,” on the other hand, there is
a regular pattern, but the colours employed are the brightest tints
obtainable with aniline dyes of varions hues; hence its name.

The cloth is almost invariably silk. In Singapore, the white silk
is bought, and comes either from Japan or China. In Tringganu, it is
locally woven, especially for this purpose. The work is done entirely
by female labour. In Singapore, the women are Boyanese, from the
island of Bawean, off the coast of Java; and in Tringeanu, they are
natives of that State. This manniacture is also carried on in
Kelantan, and possibly in other localities, but the subject has only
been studied by the writer in Singapore and Tringganu.

The silk is spread on a short-legged table, having a padded top.
The pattern is then printed on it, m outline, by means of carved
wooden stamps. These are cut out of comparatively soft wood and
are not so well finished as those used in stamping the * kain telepoh.”
The design is also only in outline, no broad-printing surfaces being
left. The stamp is pressed on to a pad of wet rag impregnated with
red ferruginous earth bought from the Kling shops. This sub-
stance is called “ khavi,” and is the pigment used by the Hindus
for making the caste-marks on their foreheads. The stamp having
been charged with colour is next rubbed on a stiff brush, whicli is
fastened with its bristles upwards on the tray containing the pig-
mented pad. It was a common European boot-brush. ‘lhe stamp
after brushing is applied to the cloth. The stamps are small, contain-
ing only a single flower or a portion of a border, and considerable
“judgment and skill is required to build up the pattern with them. It
is all done by eye, no register marks being used as in England when
printing patterns by means of wooden blocks. The outline is thus
formed in rather pale-red lmes which wash out in the subsequent
process. The stamping of the outline is done hy the same people who
do the dyeing.

Dee,, 1906,
18

The cloth may be single, bnt usually several thicknesses are tneked
together at their edges and are done at once, the upper one alone
having the outline printed on it. This, of course, saves labour and
time, but probably the result is not quite so good as when a single
thickness is treated at a time. The outlined cloth is given to other
women who prepare it for the dvers. A good deal of the pattern”
is produeed hy stitching the cloth firmly together in puckers, and
larger spaces which are intended not to take the dye are tied up
tightly in pieces of the skin of the leafstalk of the banana. The
workers are, of course, enided by the outlined pattern which has been
printed on the cloth. When finished, the cloth has a curious ermupled-
up appearance; 2 piece, sufficiently large to make a sarong, will have
contracted to about 8 inches in diameter in the tying process.

The tied cloth is then given back to the dyers, who immerse it for a
short time in the dye for the ground colour of the piece. Favourite
colours for this purpose are yellow, green and red. As previously
stated, the pigments used are all aniline ones. After the first apphia-
tion of the dye the cloth is allowed to dry, the tying and stitching is
then undone and all the threads are pulled out. It now presents the
appearance of a coloured cloth with a white pattern on it.

It is now ready for the next process. For this, it is stretched on a
wooden frame with short legs. Jt may be mentioned that the Malay
women, When working, sit or squat on a raised platform, like tailors,
so that this frame and the printing table, previously mentioned, are
furnished with legs about 9 inches high, to he of a convenient
height for working at in that position. The frame is provided with a
number of sharp brass pins round its outer edges for the purpose of
holding the cloth. Further development of the pattern is now
carried out on the stretched cloth by means of different coloured dyes
applied with the brushes used by the Chinese for writing with. Most
of this embellishment is drawn im free-hand on the white spaces left
by the last process, but some of it is put on to the gronnd colour itself,

The cloth after this is taken off the frame and is ready for sale.
No attempt is made to fix the colours and, as a consequence, they are
fugitive and mn badly when the cloth is washed, or even accidentally
damped or wetted. Although both the makers and buyers are well
aware of this fact, it does not appear to interfere with either their
inanufacture or sale. The briliancy of colouring is the great point
in their favour in Asiatic eves. T'o the question of why they did not
use their own permanent dves, the makers answered that it would be
a great deal more tronble and that the results would not be nearly so
beautiful. :

The idea that the harmonious colouring of the old Eastern art-
work was due to the possession of a fine colour sense, is undoubtedly
not borne ont by facts. It was simply a matter of necessity, as they
19

could not produce the purer and cruder colours. Now that aniline, in
all its varied tints, is obtainable, colour effects, which to educated
European eyes are excruciating, are produced and much admired by
Malays, Chinese and Indians of all nationalities. The Japanese alone,
amongst Easterns, appear to be able to deal with these brilliant
eolours with taste and discretion.

Besides the above described eloth, a curious mixture of two separate
methods of tie-and-dye work is sometimes combined in one garment.
That is, a piece of cloth is woven with a part of the warp thread
treated by the tie and dye method, which is used to produce the so-
called ‘‘kain limau *,” and the remainder of the length is left white.
This portion is subsequently tied and dyed as above described. If
the ground colours of the two portions harmonise, the effect is by no
means displeasing. There is one sarong in the Perak Musewm, whieh
was collected in Tringganu, of this composite cloth; the geround
eolours bemg a rather dull red for the ‘‘ kain limau”’ part and a quiet
yellow for the “ kain pelangi”’ division. Another example, said to have
been made in Kelantan, had the grounds of two different shades of red.

There is another species of cloth, produeed in Singapore by the
same people, which is also called “ kain pelangi,” though the technique
of its manufaeture is quite different. The basis is also white silk,
which is stretched on the frame already described. The pattern is
then drawn on it, in various shades of aniline by means of Chinese
writing brushes. No stamps or guides are used, the work being
entirely done by free-hand drawing, without even a preliminary
sketeh. In one specimen, in the possession of the writer, the colours
employed are violet, red, green and vellow, The patterns are mostly
conventionalised floral derivatives.

REPORTS ON CORUNDUM FROM PERAK,
FEDERATED MALAY STATES.

By Proressorn WYNDHAM R. DUNSTAN, o.a., F.R.S.,

Director, IMPERIAL INSTITUTE, SouTH KENsINGTON., Lonponx, S.W.

130-15. Imperial Instirure Roap, Lonpon, 8.W.,
27th September, 1904.

JIR,—I have the honour to send herewith a report on specimens

of corundum from the Federated Malay States received from Mr.

L. Wray. The report also refers to other specimens of the same
material received from Mr. Cecil Wray and from Mr. Alma Baker.

 

* See “ Notes on Dyeing and Weaving as practised at Sitiawan in Perak,”
by L. Wray. in the “ Journal of the Anthropological Institute,” vol. 82, January-
June, 1902.
20

Tt will be seen that the result of the investigation of the substance,
which has been conducted here, render it probable that there may be a
remunerative commercial demand for this corundum, and I propose,
with vour approval, to proceed further with the matter on the hnes
suggested in the report. ;

T would suggest that this report should be shown to Mr. Serivenor,
with a view to Ins assistance in the further development of the subject
being secured since it is possible that deposits of this mineral ocenr
elsewhere in the Federated Malay States.

I would also ask that the information contained in the report be
conveyed to Mr. Leonard Wray and the other gentleman who sub-
mitted specimens.

I have, ete.,
WYNDHAM R. DUNSTAN.

H.E. tus Wien Commisstoner, F.M.S., SINGAPORE.

A specimen of grev-blue corundum, weighing about 5 ounces, was
forwarded to the Imperial Institute by Mr. Leonard Wray, the
Curator of the Perak Government Museum, and in the aecom-
panying letter, dated the 28th November, 1903, he stated that he had
collected it near Ipoh in the Kinta District, where the mineral occurs
in more or less waterworn Inmps in the drift which 1s worked for tin.
At present no use is made of the corunduin, but it was thought that,
if it proved to be of marketable value, considerable quantities
could be procured. Myr. Cecil Wray, the Resident Magistrate of
Kinta, had also collected a large quantity of the mineral at
Koban Sungei Kaiadi.

On Mr. Leonard Wray’s return to Perak he forwarded to the
Tinperial Institute a larger sample, weighing nearly 5 Ibs., which
he had collected at Pulai, Sungei Raia, also in the Kinta District. In
the letter accompanying the consignment, No. 13/04, dated the 24th
February, 1904, he stated that the mineral occurs im quantity at or
near Pulai, and thought there would be no difficulty in getting from
10 to 20 tons per month, judging from the amount he saw in the
mines.

These two samples, the colour of which varies from pale blue to
bluish-grey, are exacily similar in characters. No well-developed
crystals are visible to the naked eve, the mineral occurs in compact,
finely granular inasses made up of microscopic crystals. Most of the
pieces are more or less rounded by water action, though .the exact
manner in which this was brought about is not apparent.
24

The mineral is rather harder than sume well-crystallised corundum
from Ceylon, which was available for comparison. Its specific gravity
varies from 3.75 to 3.90 according to the degree of the compactness of
its texture. The higher figure is exceeded by few specimens of corun-
dum, except ruby and sapphire, which reach 4.06.

An analysis in the Scientific and Technical Department of the
Imperial Institute gave the following results ;

Sihtea ... i .. Slo, ve 15 per cent.
Alumina wes .. Al,O, ves 7.10 -
Lime ... vee ... Cad see 90 ”
Magnesia a .. MgO ves trace
Combined water . H,O bes 2.4] »

The percentage of alumina is greater than in any sample of
corundum which has been analysed, except ruby and sapphire. The
amount of water is, however, rather high.

Corundum is used mainly for abrasive purposes in the same
manner as enierv. The finer qualities are also emploved in place of
gemstones 12 the movements of clocks and watches. It has been
proposed to utilise it as a source of metallic aluminium, but at present
other less refractory and cheaper compounds of the metal are
preferred.

In determing the value of corundum for abrasive purposes,
whether it be employed as a loose powder or embedded in cement in
the form of dises, a trial on a large scale is absolutely necessary. In
no other way can it be ascertained if the mmmeral satisfies industrial
requirements, as not only hardness but toughness is important. The
liability of some varieties to split into thin plates along the pseude-
cleavage that follows certain planes of decomposition is very objection-
able, as instead of irregular points and edges which are effective for
grinding purposes, flat surfaces are produced.

This characteristic seriously diminishes the value of Indian corun-
dum, which was formerly exported in considerable amount to Europe,
but is now unable to compete with the extensive deposits of the mineral
which have been developed in the United States and Canada, and the
artificial products carburundum and alurundum. Corundum is now
mined in India mainly for local use and for export to China, only a
small quantity being sent to Europe or America. On the other hand,
the granular structure of the corundum from Perak seems calculated
to increase its value for abrasive purposes.

The material from Kinta was sent to a commercial expert dealing
in corundum for his opinion as to its value. He stated that he
believed the material might be of value for abrasive work and it
might be worth from £15 to £25 a ton for such purposes. If it
22

would take a high polish, it could be used for the movements of
clocks and watehes and might be sold at a higher priee. Actual
trial on a commercial scale was, however, necessary.

Iu June. 1904, a further sample of corundum, weighing 32 Ihbs.,
was received from Mr. Alma Baker, of Batu Gajah, Perak. This is in
large Jumps, some weighing as much as 8 Ibs., and is in all respeets
snnilar to the previeus samples.

There seems every reason to believe that, if this corundum ean be
obtained in the amounts which Mr. Leonard Wray believes to be the
case, it could be sold either for abrasive purposes or for use in the
movements of time-pieces at remunerative prices; but, in order that
its capabilities may be properly determined by trial on a large scale, a
consignment of uot less than three or four hundredweight would be
necessary in order to determine its precise commercial value as an
abrasive agent. together with a smaller amount—say, 7 lbs.—-of the
clearest and most compact material for trial in the manufacture of
watches and elocks.

If, therefore, it is considered advisable to proceed further with this
enquiry, I shonld be glad to be informed whether these larger consign-
ments can be supphed, in which ease I shall endeavour to make
arrangements with experts to earry out practical trials on the lines
indicated above.

27th September, 190-4. WYNDHAM R. DUNSTAN.

FEDERAL SECRETARIAT.
No. H.C. 8875 O-+. Kua.ta Lumpur, F.MS..
31st October, 190-4.

SUBJECT:
REPORT ON SPECIMENS OF CORUNDUM FROM F.MLS.

Sir,—I am directed to forward for your information, in connection
with the shipments of specimens of corundum which have been made,
a report by the Director of the Imperial Institute of the United King-
dom, the Colonies and India, giving the results of his investigations.

2. J am to ask you to report whether you can supply the larger

consignments asked for, with a view to the carrying out of further
trials by experts.
T have, et
A. R. VENNING,
Leonarp Wrar, Esq., Perax. Federal Secretary, FMS.
Baru GaAsan,
6th November, 1904.

Srr,—I have the honvur to acknowledge the receipt of your letter
of 31st October (H.C. 8875/04) and to inform you that I will collect
and send to the Imperial Institute the large sample of corundum asked
for by Professor W. Dunstan.

I have, ete.,

THe FEDERAL SECRETARY, L. WRAY.
KvuaLa Lumpur.

TarpinGc, PERAK,
22nd February, 1905.

My pear Dunstan,—I send you by this post, i two boxes, a
sample, weighing 18 lbs., of what appears to me to be the best quality
of corundum for the movements of clocks and watches. I shall be
much obliged, if, after trial, a sample of the stone, which proves to be
suited to the purpose, could be returned to me. Also a few cut
“jewels.”

J am also sending, 1m three boxes, the large sample you ask for, It
weighs about 5 ewt.

I went to Pulai, in Winta. on the 17th February, and eoliected the
whole sample from refuse heaps on one mine, in quite a short time. I
am sure it could be obtained in considerable quantities if there was a
demand for it, at a price which would cover cost of vollection, bagging
and freight to England.

I found a few pieces, with small well-formed hexagonal crystals on
them, of the same form as that of the sapphire. I also found one
large lump, with a portion of the matrix adhering to it. This appears
to be a inica-schist.

I am, ete.,
Proressor W. DunsTAn, F.R.S., L. WRAY,
Direcror, IMperiau InsvTiruTe.

IMPERIAL INSTITUTE OF THE UNITED KINGDOM,
THE COLONIES AND INDIA,

ImpeRiAL INstTiTUTE Roap, Lonpon, 8.W.,
9th October, 1906.

Srr,—I have the honour to forward a report on a consignment of
corundum from Perak, which was sent for examination to the Lnperial
24.

Institute by the Director of Musenins at Taiping, with letter, dated
the 22nd February, 1905, in accordance with the suggestions made in
the previous report, dated the 27th September, 1904, on this subject.

The investigation has shown that this corundum, although of
unnsual character, is likely to be of value for abrasive purpose, but,
before further action can be taken, it will be necessary to know what
quantity is available and the approximate price at which it can be
placed on the market.

I shall be glad to receive information upon those points and, if
possible, to be placed in communication with a firm willing to work
the deposits in Perak.

I have, ete.,

WYNDHAM R. DUNSTAN.

H.E. tHe Hien Commissioner, F.M.S.. SINGAPORE.

SECOND REPORT ON CORUNDUM FROM PERAK,
FEDERATED MALAY STATES.

By Proressor WYNDHAM R. DUNSTAN, oa. F-RS.,
DirecToR IMPERIAL JNsTITUTE, SoutTn Kensincton, Lonpon, 8.W,

Ix aceordance with the recommendations made in the previons
report (dated the 27th September. 1904) on corundum from Perak,
further samples of the mineral were forwarded to the Imperial Insti-
tute by the Director of Museums, Taiping, Perak, in order that the
inaterial might be submitted tou manufacturers for technical trial.
DESCRIPTION OF SAMPLES.

The samples consisted of (1) 18 lbs. of selected corundum pebbles

which were thought to be specially suitable for the preparation of

learmg for the “movements” of clocks or watches, and (2) about
> ewt. of ordinary corundum.

The larger consignment consisted of pieces of corundum of rather
irregular size, which had a quantity of dust and clayey material
adhering to the surfaces. The quality of the sumples appeared, how-
ever, to be equal to that of the previous specimen, about 95 per cent.
leg genuine corundum.

The smaller sainple, supposed to consist of corundum of superior
quality, was in smaller pieces, but was practically identical with the
main bulk.

COMMERCIAL VALUATION.

Samples of the two consignments were submitted to a firm of
mineral brokers, who reported that the small pebbles of corundum
would not feteh a higher price than the large consignment. ‘This firm
25

submitted samples to three manufacturers using corundum, all of
whom expressed the opinion that the mineral would be of no value
for abrasive purposes. ‘T'wo of the firms also stated that they did not
consider the material to be corundum. On this point, however, thev
were reassured and informed that the examination of the material at
the Imperial Institute showed that it was an unusually pure corundum,
containing 97.1 per cent. of alumina, whilst in hardness it was equal
to any other variety of the mineral, except ruby and sapphire. The
unusual appearance of the corundum, which probably gave rise to the
doubts expressed, is due in part to its granular character and im part:
to its freedom from decomposition by silicification along certain
plashes, which causes a tendency to split into small flat plates. Both
these characteristics, they were informed, ought to increase the value
of the corundum as an abrasive.

The communication of these facts to the firms in question resulted
in an offer from one of them to make a thorough test of the mineral.
Before going to the trouble and expense of such a trial, the firm desires
to know the price at which corundum could be delivered in London.

Another firm asked for a quotation for the 5-ewt. sample which
was available, and also for quantities up to 1,000 tons per annum :
(1) e.1.f. Liverpool, and (2) f.o.b. at port of shipment.

The firms were invited to make offers, but this they declined to do.

It is now necessary, therefore, that an approximate quotation should
be given of the price at which quantities of corundum equal in quality
to the sample can be delivered at London, Liverpool and New York,
or placed on board ship at Singapore or other convenient port.

Subsequently, a sample of this corundum has been subniitted to
& firm of merchants with whom the Imperial Institute was in corres-
pondence in regard to other minerals. This firm sent a portion to
a customer on the Continent, who reported that the mineral is of good
quality and would have a value of about £20 per ton, if. Stopol
The Imperial Institute is also in correspondence with a firm im the
United States with regard to this corundum, and it appears probable
that a fair market for the material can be found if it can be supplied
in large quantities at reasonable rates.

Tt would be an advantage if the Imperial Institute could now be
placed in communication with some firm in the Federated Malay
States willing to take the matter up, so that their name could be
given to firms in this country desirous of buying supplies of the
mineral.

9th October, 1908. WYNDHAM R. DUNSTAN.,
6

REPORT ON THE MUSEUM DEPARTMENT FOR
THE YEAR 1905.

PERAK STATE MUSEUM.

[BEPOND a few slight improvements. nothing was done to the
9 building itself. These included brick drains round the ethno-
logical wing and guttering round its lautern roof. Guttering was also
put round the roof of the porch. while the exterior of the whole was
painted and colour washed. A small detached skinning shed was
built in the grounds to reheve the workshop of the dirtier portions of
the work.

2. In all the departments the rearranyement. which was begun in
lWw0t, was carried on, and. except m a few instances, the various
collections were placed in the order which had previously been deter-
mined on. <A great deal more work, however. remains tu be done to
complete the details of the installation.

>

3. Considerable additions were made to most of the sections—-by
collection. exchange. purchase and donation. The sections to which
the greatest increases were made are the ethnological, mineralogical
and economic.

4. The registration and cataloguing of the collections, which was
begun in December of 190+, was carried on, and by the end of the
vear the number reached was 3.800, equal to about 8.000 cards,
including the guide-cards.

5. The library was also re-cataloeued, which involved the type-
writing of about 4,000 cards. This new card catalogue is worked on
the same system as that for the other departments. which was
meutivued in my last Annual Report. and explained in detail im a
paper, entitled "A System for the Registration of the Contents of
Museums.” contributed to the * Museum Association” and reprinted
in the third number of the ‘Journal ef the Federated Malay States
Museums.”

6. The number of visitors admitted during the vear was 55.105.
and, as the Museum was open to the public on 295 days. this gives a
daily average attendance of 185.33.

«. Mr. E. Keilich. the Taxidermist. returned from eighteen months’
leave on the 21st of September. and from then to the end of the year
the staff was at its full strength.

SELANGOR STATE MUSEUM,

5. The new Museum was not finished by the end of the vear, but
the case-building had prozressed in a satisfactury manner and the
weedwork for the wall eases of the iwo long exhibition rooms was
27

practically ready for erection by December. The amount expended for
ease-building and furniture was $2.472.66. This ineluded the cost of
a safe, the construction of a trap-door and hoisting tackle to cnable the
furniture, ete., to be raised to the upper floor, a supply of glass-topped
boxes for storing the skin collection and cabinets to hold them, as well
ag sone almeirabs and office furniture.

9. Collecting was actively carried on throughout the vear and
many specimens new to the collection and several new to science were
obtained. In January and again in February the high mountains in
the neighbourhood of Gunong Batang Kali were visited by the Curator
and his collectors, in May the Gunong Tahan expedition started, and
ut the end of the year a visit was paid to Linggi in Negri Sembilan.

10. Owing principally to its dilapidated state it was decided to
close the old Museum to the public in September and use the whole of
it as a store. Many of the specimens were packed up, as this appeared
to be the best means of preserving them from deterioration.

11. The number of visitors admitted during the first eight months
of the year amounted to 20,930, against 23,219, for the corresponding
months of 1904.

GENERAL.

12. The most important event of the year was the Gunong Tahan
collecting expedition. It started on the llth of May and returned
early in September. Although the Director of Museums was compelled
to return, owing to an attack of dysentery, on the 19th of July, the
Curator of the Selangor Museum remained on the mountain and
brought the work to a satisfactory conclusion. It is impossible to
give any results at the present time. ‘The specimens collected were all
sent to the British Museum of Natural History, as previously arranged,
and it will naturally be some considerable time before the material can
be worked out by the specialists of that Institution.

13. Three numbers of the “Journal of the Federated Malay
States Museums” were issued during the year: containing 108 pages
of letterpress, five plates and one plan.

L. WRAY,

Director of Museums, FAILS.

REPORT ON THE PERAK MUSEUM
FOR THE YEAR 1905.

THE BULLDING.
ee in the year the scaffolding and ataps were removed from
the four towers, which had been under repair during the greater
part of the previous vear. The result from a practical aspect is so fur
satisfactory, there being no sign of leakage up to the present,

 

{
28

The brick drain around the new wing, provided for in the Estimates,
was built and completed in February.

The Estimates also provided for galvanised iron guttering around
the lantern roof of the new wing, along the front verandah, and around
the porch, and this was completed in March.

In May the whole of the exterior of the building was white-washed
and the wood-work painted.

A new skinning-shed was built, in close proximity to the existing
work-rvoms, for the skinning, etc., of the larger animals and general
work of a dirty nature.

The floors of the laboratory and dark room were re-cemented in
parts where they were badly damaged ; and numerous shelves, fixed by
ineans of angle-irons, were erected to increase the storage capacity.

CASES.

The cases throughout the Museum are now all numbered a separate
set of numbers being employed for each room. This has been done
principally to facilitate registration ; and by its means it is easy to state
correctly and locate at a moment’s notice the exact position of any
speciinen in the various collections.

The scheme successfully adopted in the ethnological galleries and
explained in ny last report, of a glazed title for each case, has been
earvied out in all departinents. Tt has proved highly effective from a
practical point of view, and improves the gencral appearance of the
rvons.

New double, brass winders for the window and blind-cords were
fitted on to the new wall-cases wherever necessary. In the older part
of the Inulding the old winders and unsightly screw substitutes were
discarded in favour of the new ones.

Jn the Geological Department the table-case interivrs were given
two cuats of fresh white paint previous to the re-arrangement of the
collection.

With a view tu obtaining a reliable paint or distemper to replace
the old white oil-colour, the Jarge wall-cases of the Eeonomic Depart-
inent have been experimented on. In changing the contents of a case
it has always Leen necessary to give the interior a fresh coat of paint,
owing to the yellow marks made wherever an object has stood on the
painted surface fur any length of time; and in other ways it has not
been satisfactory. In the cases under notice Morse’s Calcuriun of a
French grey shade has leen applicd, and has in every way proved
satisfactory up to the time of writing. It is inexpensive, and the
29

colour chosen gives a warm and pleasing aspect to the general appear-
ance of the room. It also forms an admirable background for whatever
objects have, as yet, been exhibited against it. Should the experi-
ment stand the test of time, the distemper will be used universally
throughout the exhibition galleries, with a probable shght variety of
colours to suit the circumstances.

Another innovation in the wall-eases has been the substitution, in
certain cases, of plate-glass for the old wooden side-shelves. These
shelves are cut ont of broken sheets of plate-glass which were origin-
ally mtended for case-fronts. They vive a decidedly light and airy
appearance to the inside of the cases. As there is a good deal of this
broken glass still in hand, it will be possible to extend the use of it in
this way into all the collections where the opportunity presents itself.

THE COLLECTIONS.

1. Zootoey (Rooms D and E) anp OsrroLoacy
(Part of Room B).

The mammalia were registered and catalogued, re-classified in
some orders, and cleaned throughout. <A list of the collection was
compiled and will appear, in due course, in the “Journal of the
Federated Malay States Museums.” ‘This list gives the total number
of mammalian specimens at the end of 1905 as 297, representing eight
orders, 27 families and 93 species.

Part of the spirit collection (snakes and batrachia) were installed
in the passage leading into the new wing, in two of the old-fashioned
cases with small panes of glass; but the impossibility of arranging the
specimens without the interference of the wood-work places the pre-
parations at a great disadvantage. A few rectangular preservative
jars have been introduced here in place of the round ones. A stock
of these jars is in hand, and all the batrachian specimens will eventually
be renounted in them, in addition to introducing them into other
parts of the Zoological Department.

The first of an instructive series of preparations, illustrating the
evolution of different animals’ lives from the embryo to the adult
stage, has been placed in this case, and shows the metamorphosis of
the frog (Rana esculenta) from the egg, or spawn, to the fully deve-
loped animal. Similar series obtained from England during the year
were: the honey-bee (Apis mellifica) and the erab (Carcinus maenas).

A table-case will also be at the disposal of the reptilia when the
birds’ nests and eggs have been embodied in the general ornithological
eollection. The larger specimens of the chelonia already occupy halt
the case.
30

A fortnight’s collecting ou the Larut Hills in March was productive
of a small collection of mammals, birds, reptiles and invertebrates.
Tn a mornine’s visit to Bukit Gantang a specimen of the blackwing

kite (Elanus caeruleus), with nest and egg, was secured. A specimen
of a new flying-squirrel was procnred at the. Tea Gardens by Mr.
W. Boomgardt. On being sent to Mr. Oldfield Thomas of the British
Museum for identification, this proved to be a specimen of Pteromys
punctata, of which only one has before been obtained: the type in the
British Museum, which, I think, was procured in Malacca. A
specimen of the grey musk shrew (Croeidura caerulea), not before
represented in the collection, and a Mill rat (Aus vociferans), new to
Perak. were other notable additions.

A mumnber of young adjutant, or marabont-storks (Leptoptilus
Juvauicus), were purchased from a Malay in April, some dozen or so
nests having been destroyed by a strong wind in the neighbourhood of
Bayan Serai. Cne of these birds was killed and mounted at the time
of purchase, and another some two or three months later, whilst the
remainder are still at large in the Museum grounds. They will even-
tually form an instructive life-history group of this remarkable genus
of birds.

A native collector by the name of Alang Sagab was employed in
the neizhbourhood of Kota Lana during the months of May, June and
July, and u large collection of land mollusea, arachnida, lepidoptera,
coleoptera, ornithoptera, rhynchota, chilopoda and diplopoda was the
result. Most of the coleoptera have kindly been examined and identified
hy Mr. Robinson of the Selangor Museum, and a selection from the
rest of the collection has been sent to the British Museum for this
purpose.

Word was reecived in January of the discovery of elephant remains
at Ulu Briah, but on visiting the spot thev were found to be those of
the living race (Hlephas iudicus), and in an advanced state of deeay.
A small selection of the better preserved bones was made, however.

2. Borany.,

Ewrly in the year the herbarium cabinets were thoroughly over-
hauled, and the damage done by white ants tu the panelling and backs
was repaired]. Jn this connection J am glad to report the complete
success of the experiment (described in my last report) to frustrate
the attacks of the nbiquitous termites. Not a single instance of attack
has to be recorded, although signs of unsuccessful attempts by the
little pests were evident.

Ten sheets of botanical specimens were received late in the year
froin the Roval Botanic Garden, Calentta. These, with those received
during 1904, have been inounted, labelled and incorporated in the
herbarium.
51

Many gifts of botanical and agricultural literature were received
and will be found duly acknowledged under the library donations for
the year,

3. GroLoGcyY AND Mineratocy (Rooms A and B).

Both of these collections have been entively re-arranged, which
has not only added greatly to the attractiveness of the collections,
but has permitted of the inclusion of a number of specimens previously
stored up for want of space. Noticeable amongst these is, the
collection of fossils presented by the Trustees of the British Museum,
of cornish minerals presented by Mr. 8. Wickett of Redrath, and of
a more general collection of minerals and fossils presented and loaned
by Mr. Leonard Wray. Reference to the donation list will also show
the indebtedness of the Government to Mr. Cecil Wray for his many
vifts to this department.

The arrangement in this departinent consists of two main divisions—-
local and general. The geological collections are arranged strati-
graphically and the minerals alphabetically. In all cases new titles
have been printed in large type and placed in position inside the
eases, so that any group of minerals, or a geological stratum, can be
quickly discovered. As in other collections each group is separated
from its neighbours by thin strips of black wood. To effectively
earry out the scheme of arrangement in this department, the front,
verandah (room A) has been used, and the cases there run conse-
eutively with those in the main (room B).

A large amount of registration and cataloguing was done during
the year, that of both the general and local mineralogical collections
being nearly completed.

4, Economics (Room C).

During the year under review the final arrangement of this section
was made. Progress, however, is somewhat slow ; but a good amount
of work was accomplished, and the registration and cataloguing of the
collection was brought up to an advanced stage.

Whierever possible specimens of leaves of the various economical
plants have been introduced into the body of the collection. These are
mounted on white card, and glazed in frames made in multiples of the
boxes containing the products amongst which they are exhibited.
Besides adding largely to the attractiveness of the collection, this series
proves highly instructive to the observer.

Many new plaster models have been added, both to the fruits and
to the vegetables. Amongst these may be mentioned: the papaya or
“buah betik” (Carica papaya), bullock hearts (Anona reticulata),
white egg-plants and purple brinjals or “trong” (Solanum melougenu),
sword beans or “kachang parang,” and two varieties (Borneo and
Ribbon) of the sugar cane (Saccharum officinarum).
a,
82

Valuable additions were made to the rubber exhibits, thanks to
the very welcome co-operation of the Plantations Department, through
the courtesy of the Superintendent, Mr. J. W. Campbell. Details
of these gifts will be found in the list of donations for 1905.

A series of inarble slabs were purchased early in the year from the
Ipch Marble Quarry Company, and have been placed in the case for
economie minerals. They show very effectively the different grades, or
varieties, of marble which are procurable from the quarry. Photo-
eraphie enlargements of the quarry and works were made and hung
on the wall contiguous to the ease.

5. Ernnotocy (Rooms F and G).

Progress in this department is still proceeding steadily, with the
result that the local section has already advanced to the critical stage
when extra space. has become a serious matter.

Most additions in these rooms have been made by purchase, and
the actual amount thus expended will be seen under “ Financial.”

Tn the lower, or comparative, ethnological room amongst the more
prominent accessions are: the new Chinese nail chair; the two carved
Chinese figures of Buddha, one m the attitude of contemplation
(gilded and painted), the other in that of praying (in the plain wood) ;
the handsome series of Satsuma ware from Japan ; the various Arabian
objects brought back from Mecca by the Muhammadan pilgrims ; the
interesting series of Batak sarongs in different stages of manufacture,
with the implements and materials for making and dyeing the cloth ,
the large series of wooden stamps used in printing designs on sarongs,
ete.: the set of Sudanese bamboo xylophones called “ anklung,” and
other innsieal instruments ; and the pair of qnaint Sundanese puppets,
resembling in idea the old-fashioned marionettes, and called “agu
mennra”” (male figure), and * raden ankowi jaya” (female figure).

The collection of photographic enlargements of oriental races was
angmented by four portraits of Semangs and two of Javanese.

Tn the historical section a collection of Perak buttons has heen
formed, derived from various sources, and representing the Perak
Armed Police, Perak Sikhs, Perak Police, Federated Malay States
Police and Perak Civil Officers.

In the local ethnology section a valuable and handsome series of
old Remban (Negri Sembilan) carving was procured, and forms a
conspicuous exhibit on the right-hand side of the room. Many
weapons were added to the already comprehensive series; and on the
eceasion of the Sultan of Perak’s visit to the Museum His Highness
was careful to inspect these weapons very closely, and afterwards
expressed his great adiniration for the collection,
33

Some additions to the Semang and Sakai specimens were derived
trom an expedition, made in November, to the Ulu Plus, the objective
of the trip being to enquire into the conditions of hfe, etc., amongst
the aboriginal tribes of the district. Besides the objects secured for
the Museum collections, some valuable informations and statistic
were obtained concerning these people.

Registration and cataloguing was coutinued at intervals throughout
the year in both branches of ethnology.

THE LIBRARY.

A large amount of time and labour was spent on the library during
the latter half of the year in re-cataloguing and numbering the books
throughout. For this purpose a small oak cabinet, similar in design
to that used for the Museum catalogue, was procured through the
Crown Agents at a cost of $75.91, together with 6,000 cards and two
sets of guides—one alphabetical and the other numerical. After
roughly cataloging and numbering each volume, the finished cards
for the catalogue and register were carefully type-written. The
alphabetical catalogue contains three or four cards for each volume,
so that a book may be found either by referring to the author or by
looking up the title under its various headings. * The register, arranged
numerically, is formed of cards, giving the author’s name for the head-
line, with full particulars of the book.

An extra Clerk was sanctioned by the Government to assist in
this work. In all 701 books were catalogued, necessitating the typing
of over 4,000 cards.

A revised set of Library Regulations was drawn out, approved by
the Resident and duly gazetted. A copy of these, printed at the
Government Printing Office, will be pasted in each volume.

There were many additions made during the year, mostly by pre-
sentation, the smallness of the book vote prohibiting large accessions
being made by purchase. Amongst the latter were five more volumes
vf the Indian Fauna series—a three-volume work on “ Museums:
their History and their Use;” “Play and Politics: Reminiscences of
Malaya;” “The Real Malay;” Maxwell’s “Manual of the Malay
Language ;” and four numbers of the “Journal of the Royal Asiatic
Society, Straits Branch ’’—replacing lost volumes.

With the free distribution of the “Journal of the Federated
Malay States Museums” into the various parts of the civilised world,

it will be noticed that the list of library donations has increased
and expanded.

There were 25 book loans to approved applications during the year.
Dee,, 1996,
LIST OF
LIBRARY

ANNANDALE. Mr. Ne uson:
* Coutributions to Oriental Her-
petology,.” parts 1 and 2.
“Additions to the Collection
of Oriental Snakes in the
Indian Museum.”

“Notes on an Indian Worm
(Chaetogastor).”

“The Hydra of the Caleutta
Tanks.”

*On Abnormal Ranid Larvaz
from North-east India.”

Ceyrtow Roya, Botanic GARDEN :
“Cireulars and Agricultural
Journal for 1905.”

EayptiAN GovERNMENT ZooLo-
GICAL GARDENS, Giza. (per
the Director, Capt. Stanley
S. Flower) :

* Report of the Giza Zoological
Gardens for 190-4.”

Inpian Museum, Caucurta:
“Catalogue of the Indian De-
capod Crustacea,” Part 11,
Anomura.
“An Account of the Deep-sea
Holothurioidea, collected by
the ‘Investigator.’ ”’

“Annual Reports for 1903-
1904.7
Inpran Roya Botanic GARDEN,
GALCUTIA:

“The Aconites of India.”
“A Tist of Laceadive Plants.”

Kriticu. Mr. E.:
“The Adventures of Lows de
Rougement.”

Kew Royat Botanic GARDENS:
“ Bulletin of Miscellaneous In-
formation for 1905.”

LEICESTER CORPORATION MUSEUM
awp Amt GaLLeRy (per
the Curator, Mr. Montagu
Browne) :

“4th Report of the Musewn
and Art Gallery. 1902-1904.”

DONATIONS TO THE

34

PERAK STATE MUSEUM

FOR 1905.
Luoyp, Mr. C. G.:

“Bulletin of the Llevd Library
of Botany, Pharmaey and
Materia Medica,” Nos, 4-6.

“Mycological Notes,” Nos.
10-19.

“ Putt Ball Letter,” No. 5,

“ Lourstana PLANTER” (per the
Editor) :
Complete Issues for 1905.

Mac Greeor, Mr. R.C. (Bureau
of Government Laboratory.

Manila) :
“Birds from the Islands of
Romblon, Libuyvan and

Cresta de Gallo.”

* Further Notes on Birds from
Ticao, ete.”

* Birds from Mindoro and sinall
adjacent Islands.”

“Notes on three rare Luzon
Birds.”’

Mancuester Museum (per the

Director, Dr. W. E. Hoyle) :

“Manchester Museum Report
| for 1904-1905.”

Missourr Bovanicat, GARDENS

| (per the Director. My. W.
Trelease) :

| ‘Annual Report of the Missouri
Botanical Gardeus,” 14th,

15th and 16th.

MunamMMap J'asupiIn
ABDULLAIL:

 

BIN Hag

|  * Sa-air Mamhangunkan Himat

| or Pikiran Bagi Laki Laki.”’

Montrevipro, Musto Nacionan
(per the Director) :
“Flora Uruguaya,” Parts 1 and
il.
“Geovrafica Fisica v Esferica
del Paraguay.”

Oraco University Mussum:

“Curator’s Annual Report tor
190-4" (2 copies). ....
30,

LIST

OF DONATIONS TO THE

PERAK STATE MUSEUM

LIBRARY FOR 1905—(cont.)

?

(per the

“PERAK PIONEER
Editor) :
Complete Issues for 1905.

Rarries Liprary AND Museum,
SINGAPORE:

“Annual Report for 1904.”

SaRawak Museum (per the Cura-

tor, Mr. R. Shelford, m.a.) :

“Report on the Sarawak
Museum for 1904.”

SECRETARY TO REsiDENT, PERAK :

“ Agricultural Bulletin of the
Straits and Federated Malay
States,” vol. IV (1905).

“Journal of Indian Art and
Industry,” vol. TX, Nos. 72
and 73, 75 and 76.

‘Diagnosis of Phytophagous
Coleoptera” (Fasiculi mua-
layensis).

“Abstract of Proceedings of
the Linnean Society of New
South Wales for 1905.”

“SINGAPORE FreE Press” (per
the Editor) :
Mail Editions, complete for
1905.

SMITHSONIAN
U.S.A. :

« The Birdsof Northand Middle
America,’ Part iit.

‘“An Account of the Buildings
occupied by the National
Collections.” .

“United States National
Museum Annual Report for
1903” (2 copies).

INSTITUTION,

SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION,
U.S.A.—(cont.)

‘‘ Contributions from the United
States National Herba-
rium,” vol. LX,

“ Catalogue of Geological Types
in the United States Na-
tional Museum.”

‘Progress Report of the United
States National Museum.”

‘Proceedings of the United
States National Museum,”
vols. XXVI and XXVIL.

“ Annual Report of the United
States National Museum,
190] and 1902.”

‘American Hydroids, Part ii,
the Sertu laridae.”’

Syep ABDULLAH:
“ Um-al-Mazhab.”

“Times or Manaya” (per the

Editor) :

Daily Edition, complete for
1905.

Weekly do. do.

 

| Toxto ImpertaL Museum (per

| the Director, Prof. C. Ishi-

| kawa) :

“ Proceedings of the Depart-
ment of Natural History.”

| Wars Inpries, Imprrtau Depart-

MENT FOR AGRICULTURE :}

* West Indian Bulletin for
1905.”

REGISTRATION.

1. Unper tue “ Boox RecistRATION ORDER IN CouNncIL, 1895.”

There were two publications issued in Perak during the year, both

in the Malay vernacular :

No. 9.—* Sa-air Mamhangunkan Himat or Pikiran Bagi Laki
Laki,” by Muhammad Tajudin bin Haji Abdullah, pu-
blished at Ipoh by the Author:
36

No. 10.—* Um-al-Mazhab,” by Syed Abdullah, Chief Kathi,
published at Iuala WKaugsar by the Translator. As this
book deals exclusively with the Muhammadan religion, a
special exemption from Section 3 (ii) was granted, and
the name and address of the Printer and Publisher was
omitted from the work.

“The Perak Pioneer’? (No. 1) was issued as a daily from the
Ist March, and * ‘The ‘limes of Malaya,” daily edition (No. 7), was
enlarged to eight pages.

In January copies of all the Perak publications issued during 1904
were packed and sent to the British Museum, and henceforth they
were forwarded quarterly.

2. Unper tue “Inventions OrpEeR in Councin, 1896.”

Five petitions for grants of exclusive privileges were registered
during the vear :

No, 28.—Mr. Fred. Arthur Turner, for * Inprevements in, o4
connected with, Vapour Generating Lamps for Hydroear-
bon Oil or Spirit” (Amended) ;

No. 24. —Mr. A. Grant Mackie, for a * New Form of Puddler
Harrow ; ~

No. 25.—Messrs. David Christie and Lai Tet Loke, for » Im-
provements in Puddling Machinery ;”

No. 26.—Mr. Charles Ernest Cumming, for » Inprovements
in Puddling Machinery (Centrifugal Puddler) ;”

No, 27.-—-My. Charles Ernest Cumming, for “ Improvements
in Puddling Machinery (Pereussive Puddler).”,

The inventions register was brought up to date. All past speciti-
cations, hut previously registered, were procured from the Secretariat,
copied, and the copies filed,

ACCESSIONS,

There was a cousiderable increase in the number of donors and
donations during 1905, us a comparison of the list given below with
that of 1904 will show. Through the courtesy of the Editor of “The
Perak Pioneer.” all donations have been publicly acknowledged
monthly in the columns of the local newspaper; and this has, per-
haps, been largely instrumental in recruiting fresh donors. There
is still lacking, however, the co-operation on the part of officials
in other Government Departments.

Many valuable accessions have been made by purchase and collec-
tion. The small staff of Malay collectors at Bukit Gantang in parti-
cular have been untiring in their efforts to increase the Museum
collections. Attention has, however, already been drawn to the more
important accessions of the year, so there is no need tor further
comment.
LIST OF DONATIONS

Au Kw (Sungei Siput) :
Specimen of Galena.

TO 'Titk

Aumat (Orderly, Sanitary Board
Office) :
Indian Mangoes (Mangifera
indiew).
ARCHER, Miss:
Perak Dog
and 1905.
Barnarp, Mr. B. H. F.:
Gecko Lizard (Gyunoductylus
pulchellus).
Common Malayan Porcupine
(fT ystria longiea uda) © Babi
landak.”’
Biren, Mr. E. W., c.m.a.:
Small collection of Insects fiom
“The Box,” Larut Hills.
Brrp, Mr. G. F.:

Red Hematite
Kuala Kanesar.

Tickets for 1902

from  Salak,

Bopcer, Mr. WILLIAM:

Head and Horns of Bangalore
Goat (Ovis aries).

Boomearpt, Mr. W.

Large Malayan Flying-Squirrel

(Pteromys petaurista) * Gra-
bah.”

Malayan Spotted Flying-Squir-
rel (Pteromys punctate).

Large Malavan Squirrel (Ratu-
ja bicolor) “'Tupai nanding.”

Indian White-backed Vulture
(Pseudoyyps benyalensis).

Bourne, Rev. J. B.:
Dusky Leaf Monkey (Seuino-
pithecus obscurus “ Lutong.”
Skull of Crested Monkey (8S.
cristatus).
Chinese Commemorative Brass
Disc.
Bratr, Mr. E. H.:
Sheet of Para Rubber
braziliensis).

(Hevea

Brown, Mr G. Gorpon:
Three Sheets of Para Rubher
(Hevea bruziliensis).

PERAK

 

STATE MUSEOM

CAMPBELL, Mr. J. W.:

Larvee attacking Caladiums on
Maxwell’s Hill (P plo. polytes).

A small collection of Inverte-
brates from Maxwell’s Hill.

Two Sheets of Para Rubber
(Hevea brazitiensis).

Two Sheets of Ramboug Rubh-
her (Micus elastica).

‘Two Sheets of Ceara Rubber

(Munihot glazioire).

Two Sheets of Castilloa Rubber
(Castillon clastica), coagn-
lated from washed Latex.

‘l'wo Sheets of Castilloa Rubber
(Castitloa elastica), coagu-
lated from unwashed Latex.

One Ball of Scrap Rambong
(Ficus elastica).

hatex of Para Rubber
(Hevea braziliensis).

CHoo CHAK Sane, TowkKay:

Common Leopard (Felis pur-
dus), black var., Juv, “ Remau
kumbang.”’

Coates, Mr. W. J.:
Two Avocada Pears or * Alli-
gators” (Persea gratissima),
Cummine, Mr. C. E.:
Vein ‘Tim from the Hydraulie
Workings, Bruseh.
Tin in Decomposed Rock from
Bruseh.
Coal from Selebin, near Ipoh.

FOR 1905

Tree

Deputy COMMISSIONER OF

Pouics, Perak:

Perak Government Buttons.

Perak Sikh Tunic Buttons and
Pouch Badges.

Perak Armed Police Buttons.

Perak Police Tunic Buttons and
Badges.

Bronze Cape-Buttons of the
Perak Sikhs.

Tunic Buttons and Cap and
Helmet Badges of the Malay
States Police, Perak.

Three $10-Hongkong andl
Shanghai Bank Notes,
Forgeries. J

Three, 85-Government Notes,
Forgeries.
38

LIST OF DONATIONS TO ‘HE PERAK STATE MUSEUM
FOR 1905—(cont.)

Disuman, Mr. A.:

Stone Implement from Bidor.
Brown Garnet from Ipoh Dis-

trict.

Small eolleetions of Minerals
from Kinta and Batang
Padang.

Eruraums, Mr. W.:
Marabout, or Adjutant, Stork
(Leptoptilus javanicus)

“ Burong babi.”

Furnivat, Mr. H.:
Stag Beetle, sp. ine.

Gay, Mr. E. M.:
Reticulated Python (Python veti-
culatus), jav., “ Ular sawah.”
Leaf Insect and Eggs, sp. ine.
Long-tailed Lizard (Tachydro-
mus sexlineatus).

GERRARD, Dr. P. N.:
Malayan Wood Owl (Syrnium
seloputo)
Burrowing Snake (Cylindrophis
rufus), Juv.
Cicada (Dundubia sp.).
Fresh Water Bug (Belostoma
sp.).
Gow Lanpb, Mr. H. J.:
Limb Bones of Common Leopard
(Felis pardus).
Grauam, Carr. A. McD.:
Bronze Helinet-Badge of the
Ist Perak Sikhs.
White-inetal ‘Tunic Buttons of
the Malay States Police,
Perak.
White-metal Helmet and Cap-
Badges of the Malay States
Police, Perak.

Gray, Mr. N. T.:
Combs of Honey-bee.

Hare, Mr. A.:
Shells of River Snails (Paludina
ep.).
Malayan Sword Bean (Cana-
valia ensiformie) “ Kachang
parang.”

 

Harper, Mrs. J. P.:

Snake (Macropisthodon flavi-

ceps).

Harrison, Mr. C. W.:

Malay Fishing Net, “ Ainbai.”
Hoga, Mr. W.:

Tree Snake (Dipsas hoops).
Hume, Mr. W.:

Bug (Hurostus sp.).

Keestine, Mr. J. C.:
Eastern Purple Heron (Ardea

manillensis).
Kernicn, Mr. D.:
Burmese Wattled Lapwing
(Sarcogrammus atrinuchalis).
Common Snipe (Gallinago
coclistis).

Moth (Anisonewra sp.).

Knyr Guan anp Sons, Mussrs. :
Three Chinese Shell Figures
from Amoy.
Fnngi (Lentinus sp.) “Susu
riman,” abnormal growth.

Knockenr, Mr. Frep. W.:

Collection of Marie Inverte-
brates from Port Dickson,
Negri Sembilan.

Collection of Reptiles
Negri Sembilan.

Small collection of River Fishes
from Negri Sembilan.

Small collection of Chilopoda
and Diplopoda from Negri
Sembilan,

Common Scorpion
spiniger).

Sword Beans (Canavalia ensi-
formis), var.

White Egg Plants (Solanum
melangena) ‘“ Trong.”

Negri Sembilan Dog Tickets
for 1902-1903 and 1904.

Perak Dog Ticket for 1905.

Five-cent Ceylon Coin, 1870.

One do. do.

from

(Buthus
LIST OF

3

0

DONATIONS 'TO THE

PERAK STATE MUSEUM

FOR 1905—(cont.)

Kypp, Mr. Jas:
Larve of Butterflies (Delias
hypavete).
Mr. G. W
85-Government Note, Forgery.

Mackir, Mr. A, Grant:

Larpuaw,

Tin Ore from Sungei Besi
(Selangor).
Mappon, Mr. L. J. B.:

Cicada (Dundubia sp.).
Master-Taitor, Manay States
GUIDES :
Perak Government Buttons.

Morr, Mr. Georae:

Specimens of Horse Fly (Taba-
nus sp.).

Moss, Mr. P.:

Four-tailed Grey Moth (Nye-
talemon putroclus),

Mrs. P. J.:

Long-tailed Lizard (Tuchydro-
mus serlinentits).

Ne Boo Baez,

Two Framed Photographs of
Ne Boo Bee’s Tin Mine at
Kamunting and Visit of H.E.
the High caren to
the Mite.

Nicuouas, Mr. F. W.:

Guinea Worm (Filaria medi-
nensis).

Nematodes or
(Anchylostomu dunodenale).

Thread Worm, sp. ine.

NELSON,

'TOWKAY :

OSMAN:
Malay Humming Top made
from the Fruit of the

“Khum” Tree (Sorodoecarpus
borneensis).

Pearse, Mr. Ceci:
Cubic Iron Pyrites.

Thread Worms |

 

 

RerurnasamMy Piiuay, Mn. M.:

Silver Dart worn pierced
through the tongue during

the Hindu penance known as
“ Alagu.”

Double-poiuted Silver Dart
worn pierced through the
cheeks durmg the Hindu
festival kuown as “ Alagu.” -

Ropinson, Mr. H. C.:

Nest of Bronze-backed Imperial
Pigeon (Carpophaga badia).

Rowurzty, Mr. T. W.:
Long-tailed Lizard = (Tachy-

dromus sexlineatus).

Sayers, Me. Wu.:
Stick Insects and Young, sp. ine,

SECRETARY TO RESIDENT, PERAK:
Perak Revenue Officer’s Badge.

SELANGOR Sratr Musrvm:
Collection of Minerals.

SuuLrorD, Mr. R., m.a.:
Fruit Bat (Coan MS MmArYl-
uatus).
Two Snakes and one Young
(Macrocalaimus lateralis).
Two Bull Frogs (Runa macro-

dow).
Horned Toad  (Mequlophrus
lonyipes).

Scorpion (Buthus spiuiger).
Five Burrowing Spiders (Cée-
nizidoe, sp. ine.).

SHEFFIELD, Mr. J. Newron:

Sakai (? Semang) Bamboo Spear.

Bird-eating Spider (Thrignio-
poeus sealineatus).

Reptiles from Gunong Grah.

Stonny, Mr. B. O.:
Pupae of Butterfly (Hiploea
midanus).
Srronacu, Mr. A.:
Specimens of Tin Money.

TAHIB:

Nests of Malay House Swifts

(Cypselus subfurcatue).
40

LIST OF DONATIONS TO THE PERAK STATE MUSEUM
FOR 1905—(cont.)

Taytor, Mr. F. EL:

Candle Nuts (Alenrites molluc-
cana) known in the F.MS.
as “ Buah kras.”

Watson, Mr. BE. Lauper:

Tree Snake (Dipsas boops).

Smaller Atlas Moth (4ftacus
cynthia).

Abnormal growth of branch of
a Para Rubber Tree (Hevea
braziliensis).

WILkinson, Mr. W. A.:
Hamadryad (Naia bungarus).

Witson, Mr. A. WALLIS:

Indian Mongoose (Herjpestes

mungo).
Wray, Mr. CrciL:

Quartz containing Auriferonus
Copper, Lead, ete., from
Kechau, Pahang.

Ditto ditto loz. of gold per
ton.

Quartz containing Auriferous
Galena, Blende, ete., from |

Kechau, Pahang, 1 oz. of
gold per ton.

Auriferous Quartz from Mount
Morgan, Austrahia.
Auriferous Pyrites from Celebes,
2 oz. of gold per ton.
Auriferous Copper from Kechau,
Pahang, loz. of gold per ton.
Blende Ore from  Kechau,

 

Pahang.

Wray, Mr. Cecin—-(cont.)

Antimony from Merbau Lode,
Silinsing, Pahang.

Thorianite from Bamberabos-
luwa District, Ceylon.

Two rough cut Rose Catseyes
from Ceylon.

Three specimens of Corundum
from Ceylon.

Garnet Rock
Ceylon.

Gem Rock from the Gem Mines,
Ratnapura, Ceylon.

Two specimens of Phunbago
from Ratnapura, Ceylon.

Zircon from Kandy, Ceylon.

Blue Apatite in Limestone from
Kandy, Ceylon.

Muagnetite in Timestone from
Kandy, Ceylon.

Rock containing Garnets from
Niuwara Eliva, Ceylon.

from Kandy,

Wray, Mr. Leonard, 1.8.0.:

Bamboo Bottle for
Mercury (Chinese).

Gambier (Unearia gambier).

First Class Perak Officers’
Buttons.

Wericrt, Dr. M. J.:
Larvee of Moth (Gynautoceras
sp.).
Yone Fook, Mr.:
Young King Coconut.

holding

THE FOLLOWING SPECIMENS WERE ON LOAD:

Bourne, Rev. J. B.:

Brass Jar of the time of the |
Ta Ming Dynasty, a.p., 1426,
from Wei-hai-wei. |

Hovsox, Mr. A. W.: |

Skull and Jaws of Tiger (Felis
tigris),

_Kwyocxer, Mr. Freep. W.:

Japanese Three-stringed Musi-
cal Instrument.

Japanese Lady’s Chop-sticks in
Case.

Pack of Japanese Playing
Cards, “© Hana huda.”’
4]

SPECIMENS WERE ON LOAN—(con!.)

Maxwe tt, Mr. W.G.:
Head of Malay Tapir (Tapirus
indicus).

| Wray, Mr. Luonarp, 1.8.0.—

|
Head of Javan, or Smaller one- |

'

(cont.)

Serpentine from Cornwall.

Labradorite from Canada.

Seventy-four Stone  Imple-
ments collected in Kent.

Stone Implement from Treland.

Two Drinking Cups made of
Buffalo Horn.

Elephants’ Tooth found at
Gapis, Perak.

horned, Rhinoceros (hino-
ceros souduicus).

Head of Sumatran, or two-
horned, Rhinoceros (Rhino-
ceros sumatrensis).

Wray, Mr. Crecin:
Gold with Iron Pynites.

Wray, Mr. Leonarp, 1.8.0. : _ Chinese Chop-sticks and Knife
Hight specimens of Agate. | in Case.
Specimen of English Amber. | Two Plates of old Chinese china.
Malachite (green carbonate of Two Chinese Tin Cups.
copper). | Chinese Fan Knife.

ATTENDANCE.
The attendance for the year was greater than it has ever been
before, and, though at times it is very erratic, it would appear that a
steady annual increase has set in from 1902, the figures beme :

1902. 1903. 1904. 1905.
40,022 = 46,685 ve 52,854 ve 55,103

A rough analysis of the attendance would probably show that
Tamils far outnumbered other native races; and then, in order of
numbers: Chinese, Malays, Indians (exclusive of Tamils), Europeans
and Eurasians, and Siamese and Burmese in small numbers.

Experimental opening on public holidays was successful only in
the case of native festivals (excepting the Taiping race week), and
towards the end of the year opening on European holidays was
discontinued.

An examination of the attendance book gives the following
interesting statistics :

The largest monthly attendance was 6,017, registered during
March. The largest weekly attendance was 2,622, registered during
the Taiping race week. The largest daily attendance was on the
Hindu festival of “ Pangini Utram” (21st March), the number being
1,074.

Other large daily attendances were recorded as under :
Race Week, Ist day, 15th August os .. 1,025
Tai Pusum (Hindu festival), 21st January ... 800

H.H. the Sultan of Perak’s Birthday Celebra-
tions, 20th June i vee _ 569

Race Week, 2nd day, 17th August ves oe 504
Chinese New Year. 6th February - we ~—«12
A2

The Museum wis open throughout the vear on 295 days. and this
makes a daily average attendance of 188.83.

Mean daily average of visitors to Museum during 1905:

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Sion), Days Maxi- Mini- Total, Daily

. , open. mum. mum. monthly. average.
January we] 25 800 117 4,784, 191.36
February - 22 512 NG 5,706 259.36
March ... | 1,074 135 6,017 222.85
April... mn 22 289 ll4 4,063 184.68
Mav... ve 26 268 104 4,233 162.80
June... 2d. 569 100 4,10] 170.8]
July. ns 26 210 85 3,095 138.26
August was 25 1,025 4] 5,414 216.56
September =... | 26 227 o¢ 3,770 145.26
October ve | 5 185 100 =~: 3,601 116.16
November vee 24. 300 90 4,514 188.08
December vee os 427 168 5,298 230.34.

Means... 24.58 | 490.50] 106.50 4,591.92 185.54

 

The total for the vear is 55,103, the number of days the Museum
was opened during the year is 295, giving a mean daily average of 185
visitors.

H.H. the Sultan of Perak, Sir Idris Mersid-el-Aiizam Shah,
G.c.M.c., and suite, visited the Institution on the 24th June; H.EF. the
High Commissioner of the Federated Malay States, Sir John Anderson,
K.c.M.G., on the 4th August ; the Resident-General, Sir W. T. Taylor,
K.c.M.G., on the 5th and 6th December; and the British Resident,
Mr. E. W. Birch, c.m.c., with Lient.-Colonel R. 8. F. Walker, c.m.c.,
Commandant of the Malay States Guides. on the Ist February.
Mr. R. Shelford, late Curator of the Sarawak Museum, made a
prolonged inspection of the collections in March, on passing through
Taiping, and the thanks of the Government are due to him for
afterwards obtaining the valuable Javanese ethnological objects already
mentioned.

Classes from the Central School visited the Museum on the
3rd April and 2nd June. On the former oceasion the Curator was able
to give the pupls a short address. Pupils and Sisters from the
Khan Pau Convent Sehool paid a visit on the 2nd August; and on
Sunday, the 5th February, the Museum was opened, by special request ,
to the Penang Convent School.

STAFF.
Mr. E. Keilich, Taxidermist, returned from leave and resumed
duties on the 21st September, after 18 months’ furlough.
43

An extra Clerk was employed during the last five months and
eight days of the vear, and paid for out of the extra clerical assistance
vote,

One Malay Attendant was added to the staff from the 1st January,
being provided for in the Estimates, to watch and patrol the new
wing.

FINANCIAL.

Owing to the circular issued in January from the Resident-
General’s Office disallowing rice allowance to Orderlies, Peons, ete.,
joining Government Service after lst January, there was a balance in
hand of $24 on the rice allowance vote of 896. The total saving on
the expenditure of the department for the year was $1,014.55, $662.42
of which was saved on exchange compensation allowance vote.

The revenue collected by Taxidermist’s fees. etc., amounted to
850.45: 45 cents in excess of that estimated.

t

NOTES AND OBSERVATIONS,

The gift of a pair of slow loris (Nycticebus tardigradus)—com-
monly known in the Peninsula by the misnomer of “ Sloth ”—was
made to the Zoological Somety of London in August, and they were
safely deposited in the Society’s Gardens in September.

A young leopard (Felis pardus) of the black variety, which was
presented to the Perak Museum by Mr. Choo Chak Sang, of Seremban,
was sent to the Egyptian Government Zoological Gardens at Giza,
where it arrived in excellent condition in October and was warmly
acknowledged by the Superintendent, Captain Stanley Flower.

A pair of argus pheasants (Argusianus argus), procured for a
similar purpose for the London Zoological Gardens, failed to survive
for more than a month or so, and their skins were therefore added
to the Perak Mnseum collections.

A specimen of the Malayan flying-squirrel (Pteromys petaurista)
was presented to the British Museum in May.

A portrait of the late Sir Hugh Low, c.c.w.a@., founder of the
Perak State Museum, was framed and hung up; and the portrait of
Mr. James Wheeler Woodford Birch, first British Resident of Perak,
was hung at the entrance of the comparative ethnology room.

Towards the end of the year a new style of typewriter of the
Hammond make was noticed, and one was immediately ordered through
the Crown Agents. This machine writes only nine letter to the inch,
jnstead of 11 to the inch as in the ordinary Hammond typewriter ;
and as the one drawback to type-written labels is their indistinctness,
due to the closeness of the type, it was assumed that this machine
would be of great assistance in coping with the labelling question.

FRED. W. KNOCKER,
Curator.
44

REPORT ON THE SELANGOR STATE MUSEUM,
1905,
EXPENDITURE.
()8 the vote of 86,096 for personal emoluments there was a

saving of $2,316.06, owing to the non-appointment of a taxider-
inist as provided for in the estimates and to Uhe rise in exchange.

2. Under other charges, annually recurrent expenditure, 83,600 was
voted, which was spent as follows :

(1) Collecting trips and transport... .. $861.34
(2) Specimens ... Le - vs 880.75
(3) Glassware ... bes wa 422.05
(4) Preservatives, collecting and cleansing
materials bee vee ves .. 303,18
(5) Mounting birds and mammals _., vee 98.82
(6) Plates for “ Museum Journal”... vs 82.52
(7) Books and periodicals... 7 1386.15
(8) Postage and petty cash... Le .. 108.08
(9) Freight and insurance charges... oe 54.7]
(10) Repairs and sundries - oe - 55,26

3. Under special expenditure, $1,000 was voted for the purchase
of iustruments and specimens and utihsed as below:

(1) Purchase of ethnographical specimens... $735.00
(2) Microscope ... we 200 - .. 193.88

(3) Rifle a oe ves a a 60.00
(4) Freight charges... oe oe Le 10.77
Total ... 3999.65

4, $10,200 was revoted for purchase of furniture and much pyro-
gress was made with the construction of cases for the new building;
by the end of the year the whole of the hardwood framing for the
wall cases of the main yalleries was practically ready for erection and
the construction of table cases well advanced. <A further supply
vf ylass-topped boxes for containing the study collections of birds
and small maminals, similar to these used in the British Musenm,
was obtained from the Crown Agents, and three zinc-lined cabinets,
designed to be practically air tight, were ordered from the Public
Works Departinent Factory. 1t is hoped that this method of storing
specimens will be successful in preserving the valuable collections of
the Museum from the ravages of a climate which is peculiarly
destructive to zoological specimens.

A further stock of chengai was purchased at the end of the year
and stacked to season, as it has been found that it is hopeless to
attempt to make satisfactory cases unless the wood of which they are
built has been cut approximately to size for at least a year.
45

The following charges were meurred on account of this vote :

(1) Labour... oe oe ves we 31,043.24
(2) Factory Engineer, almeirahs, bird cabi-

nets and office furniture or wes 4.98.75
(3) Timber... Le oe a ves 359,10
(4) Supplying trap-docr and hoisting tackle

to upper floor of Museum .., ve 69.08
(5) ron work for cases Le a vee 60.00
(6) Safe a a - vee is. 160.00
(7) Shipping and handling charges ome J.85
(8) Glass-topped boxes a os a 272.66

Total ... $2,472.66

REVENUE.

Including a balance of $14.46 from 1904, the reventie realised
from work done for private persons and sale of surplus specimens was

8370.88.

Under authority, previonsly obtamed, $384.67 was expended, prin-
cipally on freights on specimens sent to England for examination, on
ethnograplhical collections and on expenses connected with the Gunong
Tahan expedition, leaving a debit balance carried to the 1906 account
of 815.79.

VISITORS.

A large portion of the Museum was closed throughout the year
and the entire building was closed from the 8th September. Notwith-
standing this, the total attendance for the first eight months of the
year amounted to 20,930 compared with 23.219 for the corresponding
period of 1904, but it should be pointed out that these figures are
merely recorded by a native watchman and, as he was under no Euro-
pean supervision from May to September of 1905, the figures should
probably read considerably higher.

Of the total number of visitors the percentaye distribution accord-
ing tu race works out as follows :

First eight months.

 

1903, 1904, 1905,
per cent. per cent. per cent.
Europeans _ 1.3 ve 1.8 a 1.5
Eurasians 2.5 = 3.0 re 3.9
Bengalis .., 3.9 ne 5.3 Le 6.1
Tamils .., 16.7 16.2 _ 18.9
Malays 22.7 20.1 ves 17.5
Chinese ... ee 53.1 ves 52.1

Total ... 100.0 100.0 100.0

 
46

It will be noted that the attendance of Europeans aud Eurasians,
taken together, is practically a constant proportion while that of
Malays is diminishing; the variation, however, is probably due to
changes in the constitution of the population of the town and not to
any other cause.

LIBRARY.

No important additions were made to the library during the current
year. Contributions were received froin the Trustees of the British
Museum, the Smithsonian Institution and the Philippine Museum, as
well as several small pamphlets and annual reports from other
sources. A duplicate set of “Stray Feathers,” a journal of Indian
ornithology, which contains much matter dealing with the Malay
Peninsula, was purchased from the Singapore Museum and a few
other beoks were ordered through the Crown Agents.

APPARATUS.
A Zeiss microscope and a dissecting microscope were purchased
from the Cambridge Scientific Instrument Company, Limited.

EXCHANGES.

During the present period of transition it has not been feasible
to arrange any very important exchanges, but a small collection of
reptiles, desiderata of the Museum, was received from the British
Museum as well as a few tubes of named ternites.

PUBLICATIONS.

Two numbers of the * Journal of the Federated Malay States
Museums ” were issued during the year, consisting of about 70 pages
of letterpress illustrated by two plates and a plan. Material for two
other numbers is under preparation.

ECONOMIC ZOOLOGY,
A few insect pests were submitted and identified during the year
including the larva of a small beetle of the family Bostrichidae, which

was causing much damage to seriah furniture manufactured by the
Public Works Department Factory.

ADDITIONS.
I, —ZCOLOGICAL.

In January and February two brief expeditions were undertaken
tu the high mountains in the neighbourhood of Gunong Batang Kali
and small collections were obtained from a height of over 5,000 feet.
Amonyst other specimens, new to the Museum, may be mentioned,
Cryptolopha trivirgatu, a sinall green warbler; Cyanops ramsayi, a
brilliantly plumaged barbet; Chaleurus inopinatus, a fine peacock
pheasant only known from two specimens obtained by the Hon, Walter
47

Rothschild’s collector in Ulu Pabang; and a blue whistling thrush,
new to science, which has been described by Mr. W. R. Ogilvie-
Grant, of the British Museum. <A small squirrel proved to be Sciurus
rufigenis, hitherto not known trom the Malay Peninsula and supposed
to be confined to the mountain districts of Burma and Teiasserim.
Another extremely rare squirrel, Rhinosciurus luticaudatus, was also
obtained within the town limits of Kuala Lumpur.

The collections made on Gunong Tahan and in its vicinity have
been sent to the British Museum, in accordance with the terms of the
agreement whereby the Trustees of that institution paid a consider-
able proportion of the expenses of the expedition ; but itis anticipated
that the balance remuaining after the first set has been deposited in the
national collection will provide a number of species nut hitherto
represented in either the Perak or Selangor Museum. The numerous
other additions. vertebrate and invertebrate, call for no special remark.

Il.— ETHNOLOGICAL.

As in 1904 very special attention was paid to this department, and
the accessions, mostly from Negri Sembilan and Pahang, are very
numerous. The collection of native wood carving has been much
extended and further additions have been made to the series of
handmade pottery, which now comprises examples of nearly every
fabric known from the Federated Malay States, including two beautiful
specimens of a type of incised work now no longer made. A large
nuntber of spears, showing the development of the blade from a wouden
model, were purchased and numerous specimens of the less common
types of weapons. Several examples of old brass and silver work were
also secured, including two waist buckles of silver. ‘“jadam,” the
manufacture of which is new a lost art on this side of the Peninsula.

Mr. Cecil Wray. Resident of Pahang, kindly purchased for the
Museum a most interesting set of miscellaneous ethnological specimens,
mostly from Pekan. including a curions tumbok ladu. or dagger, with
a bronze blade.

Whilst at Kuala Tembeling I also nade a sinall but varied collec-
tion, amongst which there may be mentioned a set of the dies used in
making the pottery for which the district is famous and several fine
specimens of “batu lintar” or neolithic celts dug out of the sand
banks which border the Tembeling in several places. At the end of
the year a visit was paid to Linggi, where several unique and curious
objects were purchased, including a set of the unplements used in the
“zunnat’”’ operation.

IfIl.—MINERALOGY, GEOLOGY AND ECONOMIC PRODUCTS.

Works on these groups was entirely suspended, pending the trans-
ference of the collection to the new Museum, but arrangements have
been made whereby the technica] collections made by the Mines,
48

Geological, Agricultural and Forests Departments will be placed on
view in the central hall of the new Musemm: in the meantime,
however, no storage room has been available.

DONATIONS.

Considering the out-of-the-way sitnation of the existing building
and the fact that it has been impossible to exhibit specimens to
advantage, it is uot surprising that donutions to the Museum have
heen few and unimportant. It is hoped, however, that on the removal
of the collections to the commodious premises now practically finished
this will be altered and that the general public will assist In making
the Museum really representative of the resources of these States by
cuntributing any specimens of interest that they may be in a position
tu obtam.

CONSERVATION.

The collections have throughout the year been cleaned and where
necessary reprired, and many of the mere perishable articles have been
packed up in tin-lined cases, as the increasing dilapidation of the
building has rendered their further exposure inadvisable.

A large number of rare mammals and birds were sent home for
mounting by an experienced taxidermist, and the former have been
safely received back in a must satisfactory condition, the results in the
case of a large male siamang and a wild cat being particularly
fortunate. Mounting from the dried skin, however, can never show
such zood effects as when the specimens are taken in hand immediately
after death, and in a hunnid climate like that of the Federated Malay
States the drying and subsequent relaxation of the skins are attended
with special risk tu the specimens, due to Incipient decomposition.

STAFF,
The Dyaks attached to the Museum worked hard and well during
the vear, their duties on Gunong Tahan bemy specially arduous; but
the Bengali watchmen were not satisfactory,

The Musewun clerk absconded in September after pawning the
silver mounts of several spears and krises; he was, however, captured
and sentenced to nine months’ rigorous imprisonment, and fortunately
the majority of the stolen articles were recovered from the pawnbroker
with whom they had keen pledged, whilst the value of the balanee
was made guod by the Government Officers’ Guarantee Fund.

H, C. ROBINSON,

Curator.
THE MALAY VARNISH CALLED «GETAH LULL”
By L. WRAY.

Rh. E. M. HOLMES, r.u.s., Curator of the Museum of the Phar-

=~ imaceutical Society, writes in the Museum Report for 1905-6,
p. 32, published in 1907: ** Nearly eleven years ago I described in the
Journal of this Society (3), 25, a specimen of a varnish used by the
Malays of the Straits Settlements, which is there considered to be the
best in use, forming a white brilliant hard varnish. It was received
from Mr, L. Wray, the Curator of the Perak Museum, who sent with
it a leafy branchlet of the tree, but with fruit only, not flowers. From
the specimens then sent, su far as I could determine, the tree yielding
the varnish was either Gareinia merguensis, Wight, or nearly allied to
it. Now Mr. Wray has sent specimens of flowers, and, on submitting
the flowers to Mr. J. T. Duthie, n.a., the Assistant for India, at the
Royal Herbarium, Kew, he has confirmed my supposition as correct.”

This species is thus described in the ‘‘ Materials for a Flora of the
Malayan Peninsula,” by Sir George King, «.c.1.5. :

“2. GARCINIA MERGUENSis, Wight, II]. 122, Ic, 116.—A tree 30 to
40 feet high; young branches thin, terete, dark brown when dry.
Leaves: ovate-elliptic to lanceolate, bluntly catidate-acuminate, the base
cuneate ; upper surface when dry shining, dark brown; the lower dull
pale brown, the midrib distinct on both ; nerves indistinct, thin,
spreading, about’.075 inches apart ; length 3 to 3.5 inches, breadth 1.1 to
1.4 inches ; petiole .25 inches. Male flowers: .15 inches in diameter, in
rather dense axillary minutely bracteolate 3- to 6-flowered cymes longer
than the petioles ; pedicls .2 inches, buds globose ; sepals four, fleshy, the
outer pair small, ovate-orbicular, sub-acute; the inner pur orbicular,
all concave ; petals four, orbicular, fleshy, concave, covering the stigma in
bud; anthers numerous on both sides of four fleshy processes ; sessile,
oblong, dehiscing suturally ; rudy-style long, cylindric, thick; stigma
discvid, smooth, flat. Hermaphrodite flowers: sepals four, the outer
pur, as inthe male, ovate-orbicular, thin ; petals four, orbicular-reniform,
fleshy, not covering the stigma ; stamens numerous on both sides of four
triangular fleshy processes; anthers sessile, sub-orbicular, dehiseing
vertically by the sutures; stigma sessile, very large, hemispheric,
convex, smooth, covering the anthers when young. Female flowers:
sepals four, the outer pair much smaller than the inner, all thin and con-
cave; petals four, orbicular, about the same size as the inner sepals,
concave, thinly coriaceous, with a thick-ended coloured patch at the
base; staminodes and disk O; stigma sevii-hemispheric, almost cover-
mg the whole ovary. Fruit: pedicelled, globular, .75 mches im

Dee., 1907.
50

diameter, smooth, covered by the concave smooth stigma. Hook., fil.
Fl. Br. Ind.. L., 267; Iurz., Fl. Burm., 1, 89; Pierre Flora Forest,
Coch.-Chin. Fase., VI., p. VL, tab. 68, 69, 91, D.

“ Malacea: Griffith, Maingay, No. 155; Kew Distrib. Perak : Scor-
techini, Nos. 2244 and 812; King’s Collector, No. 2660; Wray, 1075.
Penang: Curtis, No. 900.”

Professor Wyndham R. Dunstan, v.x.s., Director of the Imperial
Institute, furnished the following report on this substanee in 1905. It
is printed in the © Bulletin of the Imperial Institute,” Vol. IIL, No. 2,
p. 149:

“GARCINIA RESIN FROM PERAK, FEDERATED MALAY STATES.
“This material was forwarded to the Imperial Institute on behale
of the Government of the Federated Malay States by Mr. Leonard
Wray, Curator of the Perak Museum. The specimen was accompanied
by a letter, giving the following information with regard to the extrac-
tion and preparation of the resin:

“The resinous substance is the dried sap of a Garcinia. The sap
is obtained by making incisions in the bark of the trees. It is then
boiled until it is as thick as cream, when a little turpentine is added,
and it is ready for use as varnish, being applied to the wood by means
of a pad of cloth. °

«As prepared, it is an emulsion of a pale yellow colour; if boiled
till all the water is evaporated it solidifies, and cannot be dissolved
again with turpentine ;but if water is added ut once it may again be
made into an emulsion. It will only keep in good condition for a few
days, fermentation of the watery portion of the sap readily settimg in.

“This Malay varnish is, when dry, nearly white, very hard and
brilliant. being quite eqnal to the Japanese lacquer. The tree which
vields it is a wild one, and as it fruits freely there should be no difficulty
in planting it.

“CHEMICAL EXAMINATION.

“The sanple of this product forwarded has been examined in the
Scientific and Technical Department of the Imperial Institute. The
specimen weighed about 4 ounces, and consisted of a senn-solid resin
contained in a portion of a bamboo stem. Internally the material was
soft and opaque, and had a pale yellowish colour, and an odour re-
sembling that of “t’ ung” oil: but externally it was dark-brown in
colour, and was covered by a very thin layer of brittle material, prob-
ably produced by the action of the atmosphere on the resin. This hard
vuter laver, which is probably identical with the insoluble resin pro-
duced by evaporating the whole of the water from the.sap, constituted
only a minute proportion of the whole; it was insoluble in turpentine
oil and the usual solvents, but the small amount obtainable precluded
its further investigation.
Dl

“The resin, when freed from the thin outer Jayer of altered material,
was soluble in turpentine oil, chloroform, benzene and ether, and
almost completely so in aleohol. It melted at 65° C. (159° F.), and on
ignition furnished 0.21 per cent. of ash. One grain of the resin required
89.2 milligrams of potassium hydroxide for neutralisation, and 93.5
milligrams of this re-agent for complete saponification. It contains,
therefore, a large proportion of free resin acids, and a comparatively
small amount of resin esters.

“ When dissolved in turpentine oil and the solution applied as a
varnish to wood, there was left on drying a hard almost white ‘ coat,’
similar to that produced by damar varnishes.

“A small sample of the resin was submitted to a firm of varnish
makers for technical trial: they reported that it could probably be
used as a substitute for damar resin in the preparation of varnishes
suitable for in-door work, but that it would be necessary to earry out
experiments on a large scale before a definite commercial value could
be assigned to the material.

“hese results indicate that this Gareinia resin is a product of
considerable interest and likely to prove commercially valuable, aud
it has been suggested that a larger sample of about 14 pounds of
the material should be prepared and forwarded to the Imperial Insti-
tute for further examination, technical trial and commercial valuation.

“At the same time a similar sample of the hard insoluble resin
prepared by evaporating the whole of the water from the sap, as de-
seribed in the letter accompanying the present specimen, has been
requested, since it is possible that a process might be devised for pre-
paring a resistant varnish of the copal type fromm this material.

“Tt is desirable that steps should be taken to identify the particular
species of Garcinia from which this resin is derived. In this connection,
it is of particular interest to note that this resin appears to be quite
different in constitution from the gum-resin, gamboge, obtained from
the nearly allied plants Garciniu hanburii and Garcinia morella.”

I will now supplement the above particulars as to its collection
and use with further details obtained from some Perak Malays.

The method of collection is as follows :

Small horizontal notches are eut in the bark of the trees down to
the wood. Each notch is made hy a double cut, one with the knife
held with the edge turned upwards and the next with it pointing
downwards. The result being that a wedge-shaped piece of bark 1s
removed. The tapping is to be done about 5 p.m., and it is essential
that the trees be visited early in the morning as soon after sunrise
as possible, otherwise the small bees, called kelulué, will carry away
wll the gummy sap for use in their nest building. During the night
the sap oozes out and there is found in the morning a small quantit
/
32

ot yetah in each cut. It is removed by the finger tip and then seraped
off into a bamboo. The getuh is of a creany consistency and of a
pale vellow colour, with a characteristic smell. Examined under the
ulicroscope it is seen to be an emulsion.

It is next run out of the bamboo into a piece of white cloth. This
is folded up lengthwise, the ends grasped by the two hands and the eloth
twisted tightly, till all the fluid has been rung out; leaving only the
chips of bark and other refuse in the cloth. ‘To one part of the getah,
two parts of spirits of turpentine are added, and the whole put into
either a brass cooking pot or an iron kuali. This is placed over a fire
and the contents brought to the boil three times in succession, when
it is ready for use as a varnish. As thus prepared, it retains a
considerable amount of water and is still an emulsion of a pale
vellowish-brown culour. Some Malays say they use minyak kapor
buras, or canipbor oil, but the oil I have been shown under this name
appears to be only turpentine, with possibly a little camphor init. In
Larut, any way, common spirits of turpentine is used. It was called
minyak kayu puteh lv inv informant, which is the Malay name for
Cajeput oil, but turned out to be turpentine on examination.

Formerly, it was considered that it should be cooked only at
midnight and the operator had to work in a state of nature; otherwise
the process could not be brought to a successful termination.

To apply the varnish, a rag is sometimes used, but the best results
wre obtained by laying it on with the ball of the thumb, which has
been previously smoothed by rubbing on a sharpening stone. If this
is not done, the grain of the skin leaves marks on the finished surface
of the varnish. No oil is employed to prevent sticking, as in the
sumewhat stmilar process of French polishing. Having been coated,
the article is hung up to dry, usually under the eaves. This takes
from three to tive days according to the state of the weather. As first
put on, the varnish is translucent from the admixture of water; but, as
it dries, the water evaporates and it becomes transparent.

The wood, previous tu varnishing, is rendered as smovth as possible
by means of a knife, and the tinal finish given tu it by rubbing it down
with the leaves of a white-flowered climber, called mamplas kasup
(Delima sarmentosa, Linn.), or those of several species of rough-leaved
figs inay be employed instead. ‘These leaves give a sincother surface
than the finest glass-paper cau impart. With hard, close-grained
woods like kamuniny (Murraya exotica, Linn.), one coat of the varnish
is sufficient: but with sufter and more absorbent wouds two are
reywred., Nothing in the way uf size is employed by the Malays to
fill the grain before varnishing, as is dune in Europe. It has, therefore,
to be filled with the varnish itself.

The articles which ure invst frequently coated with this varnish
are the-scabbards and handles of weapons. The surface is bright and
=
~

hard and will stand much wear. No European varnish, that T am
acquainted with, ean be compared to it im these respects,

The tree is not a large one; it is fonnd growing in the big forest
of the low hills and some way up the sides of the bigger ranges. It is
nowhere plentiful, though it is scattered sparsely over a large area of
country.

About eleven years ago I obtained some seeds 2nd raised four
plants from them. Of these, three are still growing m the Museum
Grounds, Taiping. The soil is very bad, the land having been previously
mined, so that they have probably uot made the vrowth they would
have done under more favourable circumstances. The largest tree is
now 2] feet 7 inches in height, measures 95 inches in eircuinference,
at 6 inches from the ground and 7 inches at 3 feet from the
-eround. The branches are Jong, slender and drooping, quite unlike
the sturdy growth of the familar Garcinias, such as the mangosteen
and the gluga. Up to the present time the treés have not flowered.
According to the Malays they are quite big enough to tap.

T have been unable to comply with Professor Dunstan’s request for
a 14-pound sample of the getah; although $5 per gallon has been
offered to the Malays for it, no one has vet undertaken to collect it.

“BIAK”: AN OPIUM SUBSTITUTE.

By L. WRAY.

HE leaves of an mdigenous tree are sometimes used in Malaya as
an opimn substitute. In the State of Perak its nse is said to have
declined in recent years, owing to the introduction of cheap opium ;
but it is still reported to be much in vogue in Patani and other
Northern States. This native report was corroborated by Phya Sri
Sahabheb, Vice-Minister for the Interior, Siam, who lately visited
Perak. He described a tree, the leaves of which were used in place of
opium, in the Siamese-Malay States of the northern part of the Malay
Peninsula, From his description, I have no doubt, that the tree is
poko biak. He said it was a much worse form of drug-habit than
opium smoking, the effects on its habitnal devotees being far more
deleterious.

Poko biak is a medium-sized tree, with large leaves and balls of
greenish-white flowers. It is widely distribnted in Perak, and there
is a place near Salak, in the Kuala Kangsar district, named after it.
It is known as Kefon in Patani. It oceurs in the jungle and is planted
in the kampongs, and also has been preserved when the other trees
were felled and cleared away. Consequently, it is frequently seen in
and around villages. Specimens of the dried and powdered leaves, as
prepared for consumption, have been shown in the economic collection
SA

of the Perak State Mnsenm for over twenty years, and botanical
specimens of it were collected in the year 1888. Mr. E. M. Holmes,
Curator of the Museum of the Pharmaceutical Society, kindly
examined and identified them as Mitragyne speciosa of Korthals.
This was subsequently confirmed by the Botanists of the Royal
Botanical Gardens, Calentta, to whem Ialso sent them. The follow-
ing deseription of the tree appears in Sir George King’s “ Materials
for a Flora of the Malayan Peninsula; ”

“2. MiTRAGYNE speciosa, Korth., Obs. de Nauclées Indices, p. 19
(name only).—Young branches usually dark-coloured, compressed.
Leaves membranous, oblong-oboyate to oblong, shortly and abruptly
acuminate or sub-acute, the base broad and rounded or rarely slightly
and suddenly contracted; both surfaces glabrous, the lower mnutely
reticulate and sometimes puberulous on the 12 to 15 pairs of slightly
curved ascending nerves: length 4 to 5.5 inches; breadth 2 to 3.5
inches ; petiole thin, .8 to 1.2 inches long; stipules lanceolate, sparsely
pubescent. Corolla .3 inch long; tube of calyx wide, mdged, its
mouth wbout .075 inch across. Anthers sagittate at the base. Stigma
mitriform.

“Haviland, in Journ. Linn. Soc., XX XIIL., 69; Stephegyne speciosa,
Korth., Verh.-Nat. Gesch. Bot., p. 160; S. parvifolia, K. Schum,
fi. Kaiser-Wilh, Land., p. 127; Nauelea speciosa, Mig., Fl. Ind.
Bat., H., 140.

“Pahang: Ridley, 2190. Perak: Wray, 1896, 4280; Scortechini,
616; King’s Collector, 1770, 10029, 10459. Distrib., Sumatra ;
Forbes, Borneo; Motley, 1169; Korthals, Philippines: Cuming,
Motley; Vidal, New Guinea.”

It will be noticed that the geographical range of the species 1s very
wide: embracing the whole Malayan Archipelago and Peninsula.

A reference to the supposed properties of the plant appears in the
“Kew Bulletin,’ No. 5 of 1997, p. 199, where it is stated: “A com-
munication from Mr. D. Hooper drawing attention to an article
by Mr. H. N. Ridley in ‘Journal of the Asiatic Society’ for July, 1897,
wherein the writer refers to the leaves of Mitragyne speciosa, Korth.,
as being emploved in Perak as a remedy for the opium habit.” It
appears, however, that in the July number for that year there is only
one article by Mr. Ridley, and that is ‘Malay Plant Names,” and at
p- 58 occurs the only mention of the plant, which is as follows :

“*Brak’ (Perak): Mrrracyne speciosa, Korth. (Rubiaceae).—-

Leaves used as a substitute for opinm in Perak, according to
Mr. Wrav.”

This is quite another matter; “remedy” and “substitute” being
words of such widely diverse meaning. It only shows, onee again,
how very necessary it is to look up references.
c

There are two distinct ways of preparing the drug for use. In
the first, the leaves are picked and put out to dry in the sun, until
they become crisp, when they are reduced to a powder by rubbing
between the hands. The fibrous ribs and veins of the leaves being
removed during the process. The resulting powder may then be
stored for future use.

The dose was, characteristically described by an old Malay to he,
about four-dait ayam’s weight of the powder. A duit ayam is a
small copper coin having on the obverse the figure of a cock. It was
issued by the East India Company at several dates at the beginning of
the last century. They weigh on an average 34 grains each, so that the
dose would be 136 grains, or, say, 2} drams Apothecary’s weight. The
powder is mixed with cold water in a cup and the whole drunk; or an
infusion is made with hot water and it is taken like tea. It is usual
to take it twice a day, before meals.

The second method of preparation is to dry the leaves as before
in the sun, then boil them in water so as to form an infusion. This is
strained and the clear filtrate is evaporated to a sirupy consistency.
This extract can be kept a long time, and is usually stored in the little
horn boxes used by opium smokers for keeping prepared opiumin. It
is called chandu by the Malays, which is also the name of opium when
prepared for smoking. This extract of biak is mixed with hot water
before taking. The dose is said to be one hun, which is equal to 5.83
grains Troy. Some people just put it on to the tongue and wash it
down with a drink of water.

The extract may also be smoked, somewhat in the same way as -
prepared opium. The pipe employed for this purpose is made of the
bamboo known to the Malays as buloh minyak (Oxytenanthera sinuata),
and is 143 inches long and Zths inch in diameter. It is closed hy
a natural septum at one end, and is open at the other, this is the end
which is applied to the mouth in use. Near the closed end a brass
tube is inserted, which projects at right angles to the bamboo, and is

2 inch long, with a bore of + inch in diameter. There is in the
Museum collection an opium pipe of Patani pattern, almost exactly
similar to the one described above, only the bowl, if it may be so called,
is of tin in place of brass. The extract is prepared for smoking by
mixing it intimately with the finely shredded leaves of the Palas palm
(Licuala paludosa), cut in the same way, and with the same implements,
as native-grown tobacco. This mixture, which is a sticky, fibrous,

brown mass, is called madat.

A lamp on a tall foot completes the outfit. A specimen in the
Perak Museum has a wooden base in the form of a conventionalized
four-lobed flower, of 53 inches square and 13 inch thick. The upper
part. consists of a piece of bamboo 22 inches in diameter, cut so that
the upper portion forms a shallow eup, closed beneath by a septum.
NO

Below this the greater part of the walls of the bamboo have been ent
away, leaving only four equidistant evlindrical-shaped pieces, the lower
ends of which are mortised into the wooden base, the whole being
9 inches in height, the eup serves to hold the oil contaimer which
ix a valve of a fluvio-marine shell. The wick is of twisted cotton
cloth, kept in place by a metal support. Coconnt oil is burned in it.

The method of smoking is as follows: The smoker sits tailorwise
on the floor, with the lamp in front of him. He then takes a small
piece of the madaft, rolls it with his fingers into a pellet, the size of
the bore of the brass tube, into which he inserts it, then putting his
mouth to the other end of the bamboo he brings the madat im contact
with the flame of the lamp and inhales the smoke of the burning pellet
through the pipe. From twenty to thirty pellets are smoked at atime.

The effects of the drug, whether taken mternally or smoked, are
said to resemble those of opimm, and in large doses it 1s poisonous,
producing stupor, It is also said that users of it suffer from perma-
nent enlargement of the abdomen. This is attributed, by some, to the
indolent life whieh is induced by indulgence in the brak habit.

Besides the purposes already mentioned, the leaves of this tree are
used medicinally for worms in children, ‘They are made into a poultice
and applied externally over the upper portion of the abdomen. It is
held that, if applied to the lower portion, the worms are driven upwards
and escape by the mouth; but if confined to just beneath the termi-
nation of the ribs they are expelled downwards and are passed in the
ordinary way. Of their efficacy as a vermifuge, applied in the manner
indicated above, I have very grave doubts.

Some time back I sent about 16 pounds’ weight of the dried leaves
to Mr. FE. M. Holmes for examination. He, however, reported that no
poisonons alkaloid had been found in it. A further consignment has
now been sent, and it is hoped that the active principle will be suceess-
fully separated from the drug.

“SUJI TIMBA.”
By LL. WRAY.

NHIS is a form of gold-thread embroidery, much used hy the
“Malays for the ornamentation of mats and other articles. It
appears to be very closely related to the so-called “gold lace” on
Civil Service and some other uniforms; thongh whether it is pro-
duced in the same way, J am not in a position to say.

The design is drawn on white paper, in free-hand, for the most
part; but where there ts a pattern which consists of two or four
symetrical divisions, the paper, or, in the case of a large design, a
a

v7

separate smaller piece of paper is folded in half or quarters and the
motive is drawn on one section of the folded paper. It is then put on
to a board and cut through all the folds by means of a sharp-pointed
knife. It is subsequently unfolded and laid on the large pattern,
being kept in place by means of a few small fragments of hees’-wax
placed between the two papers, and a pencil run round it, when it
may be removed. ‘The drawmg of the pattern being completed, it is
ent out with a knife, all those portions of the paper which are to
appear in gold thread being left and those which are to show the
foundation are to be removed, care being taken to leave narrow strips
of paper to support the pattern where necessary, and a circle, square,
or other border is to he left to enclose the whole. This latter is called
the tali-ayer, or water-course. These paper templets are called achu
in Kuala Kangsar.

Strong cardboard is then built up by pasting several thicknesses
of brown paper together, with two sheets of white for outside covers.
When dry the paper templet is laid on this card, being kept in place
as before mentioned by a little wax here and there, and the design is
carefully traced by means of a fine-pointed pencil. The templet
being removed, the pencil lines are cut through with a knife.

To make cording, narrow strips of rattan of the kind called rotan
segur are taken, These are then passed through holes punched in a
piece of tinned iron. First through large holes and then succes-
sively through smaller ones, till the strip becomes round and of the
required size.

This process much resembles wire drawing, but differs from it
mainly on account of the physical characteristics of the two materials.
In the case of wire, the diameter is reduced by passing it through a
series of conical holes, whereby its length is augmented at the expense
of its section; while in the rattan, the sharp edges of the tin-plate
scrape off portions of its substance without adding anything to its
length.

The cardboard pattern, which is called tempulok, is put on to the
cloth, usually velvet, which is to form the foundation of the design,
and tacked down with stitches from a quarter to half an inch apart.
The stitches are taken transversely across the card and not through it.
Where lines are required to complete the design, the prepared rattan
is stitched on in the same way.

It should be mentioned that the foundation cloth, with its backing
of coarser material, is stretched on a horizontal work-frame before the
application of the card pattern.

The next step is to cover the pattern with gold thread. For this
purpose a winder is used consisting of a piece of bamboo about 9
inches long, across one end, and about 14 inches from it, a shorter
dS

piece of bamboo about 3 inches long is securely tied. This
implement is called in Perak olal-alel, but it is known as rhobau.
in Pahang: where it is, or rather was, made of many fanciful and
graceful shapes; im silver, brass, horn and other materials. A fine
series of these was collected by the writer and is now in the Perak
Museum.

On to the cross is wound the gold thread, usually a double strand,
the other end of the implement serving as a handle. A small needle
with fine white or ground coloured cotton is also necessary, as the gold
thread is not passed over the card pattern and through the foundation
and up the other side after the manner of crewel work, but is only
earried over the front of the card, being stitched down on either side
of it with the needle and cotton. To do this neatly requires some skill,
as the cotton must not show and the gold thread must be laid evenly
so as to completely cover the whole surface of the eard. The way it is
done is, after having fixed one end of the gold thread, to lay, by
means of the winder, which is held in the left hand, the thread across
the pattern, then the needle is brought up throngh the material at the
edge of the eard on one side of the thread, then over it and back again
down through the material. This fastens the thread down on that
side, then the winder is moved to the other side, so that the thread lies
evenly next to that first laid, the needle is brought up again, over and
down through the material. This process is continued till the whole
of the card pattern is covered evenly with gold thread. As the support-
ing pieces of card previously mentioned are come to, they are cut off,
and the surrounding outer ring, if it does not form a part of the design,
is also removed by undoing the tacking cotton, when it is no longer
required for the support of the pattern.

The pieces of rattan are covered in the same way as the card. As
many as five of these strips of rattan are laid together to forma border
in some cases. At other times two, three or four are used. In eover-
ing these borders the thread is earried across from No. 1 to the
next, perhaps six times, then the same is done from No. 2 to
No. 3, then again from No. 1 to No, 2, and so on alternately
so as to form a chequered pattern, as is done in English gold
lace. ‘The gold thread is stitched down as already deseribed.
Oceasionally single pieces of the rattan are covered hy coiling thread
round them before applying it to the work.

Beads, usually white, and spangles are freely used in this work to
fill up all empty spaces. In this, as in most classes of oriental design,
there appears to be a feeling that the whole surfaee should be covered
with work of some sort. The restful effect of an unbroken back-ground
does not seem to appeal to an Asiatic.

Sometimes the representation of colonred flowers is attempted by
filling in spaces, which have been purposely left in drawing the design,
2»

with a closely packed mass of coloured beads. It is probable that this
shows Chinese influence, and it is not by any means an improvement.
on the plain gold; particularly as in many cases the choice of colours
is apt to be anything but happy. Filling is also done with silver
thread, which is much more harmonious.

When completed the result is a raised design in gold, on a founda-
tion of some dark-coloured velvet or cloth, usually red, green or purple.
Of the square mats the whole central portion of the upper one is
generally embroidered in this method, while the edges of the top fold
and of the lower ones are covered with some figured cloth of a
different colour for each fold. It may be mentioned that these mats
are made somewhat like the conical bellows of a photographic camera,
with sometimes as many as six folds, each one being sinaller than the
one below it. The better class sleeping and praying mats are also
made after this fashion, but usually have only two folds. In these
long mats the portions that are ornamented by suji timba are the head
piece and a row on either side of more or less triangular-shaped pieces.
These are worked separately and then cut out and sewn on in their
proper places. The centre of the mat, to the edges of which these
pieces of embroidery are applied, 1s most effective when of plain or
watered silk, but the Malays often use figured silk with not such good
results; at any rate, from a European’s art point of view. The bag
at one end of a praying mat, which contains the praving staff, is alsu
extensively embroidered.

Pillow-ends of circular, octagonal or rectangular shapes, and also
bags, shoes and purses are frequently enriched with suji timba,

TWO RUBBER PESTS.
By L. WRAY.

{OME years ago a large number of caterpillars appeared on the Para

rubber trees at the Government Plantations at Pondok Tanjong,

and did very considerable damage by defolhiating the trees. Some of

the caterpillars were sent to me, and I endeavoured to rear them,

but they all died in a few days’ time: apparently because they had
had rough treatment before reaching the Museum.

The second outbreak of this same pest was in the early part of
this present year at Gapis Estate, Padang Rengas, belonging to
the Kuala Kangsar Plantations Company. Here again very marked
damage was done to some twenty acres of young trees. Four of
the caterpillars were sent to me in a tobacco tin, which had had some
holes punched through it with a nail, the rough jagged edges of
the tin projecting inwards. It is, perhaps, hardly necessary to state
that they all died a few hours after arrival. Although I was promised
more of the insects, thev have never been sent.
60

The following superfielal description, which will be suftieient to
identify the pest when it oecurs elsewhere, was taken down when
the insects were received :

‘General colour above black, minntely spotted and Jined with
white, sides with a bright vellow, waved line, starting from just behind
the third pair of legs and continuing to the tail. There are some
conspicuous white spots on the shoulders and on the last segment but
one of the hody. Head and legs bright reddish brown, prolegs black,
largely spotted with pale reddish brown ; beneath black largely spotted
with dull vellow. The largest specimen was some inch and a halt
in leneth.”

In hoth cases the fields attacked were next to some young secondary
jungle, or bluka, and the caterpillars were also found numeronsly on
much of the vegetation composing it.

The remedy I proposed in hoth instances was the well-known one
of poisoning the leaves by spraying them with water containing Paris
vreen held in suspension, and the Museum spraying apparatus was
lent for the purpose. It was reported that the treatment was quite
effective and rapidly killed the pest.

It may ke mentioned here, as a good deal of misapprehension exists,
that this poison acts by being eaten with the natural food of the
inseet—that is the leaf. Consequently it is necessary in applying it to
mix with the water some substance which will make it adhere to the
leaves. Otherwise, when they become dry, the powder will fall off, or
at any rate the first shower of rain will wash the leaves quite clean.
The materia] I have found effective is a paste made with flour, or some
other form of starch, whick has been well boiled. A small quantity of
this mixed with the water serves to fix the poison to the leaves sufhi-
ciently firm to withstand the rain.

The mere contact of the poison with the body of the imsect has no
effect, it must reach the organs of digestion and be absorbed before
it becomes operative. The object of spraying is, therefore, to deposit
a film of poison on the leaves which will subsequently he consumed by
the leaf-eating pest which it is wished to destroy.

RecENTLY considerable damage has been done to some young rubber
trees at Lauderdale Estate, Matang, by the attacks of a green leaf-eat-
ing weevil, which I identified as Astyeus chrysochlorus, Wied.

In 1897 this same beetle did a very large amount of damage to
many acres of Liberian coffee at Gapis Estate; and at the request. of
Sir W. H. Treacher I worked out its life history. The report, which
was dated 27th July, 1897, was published in “ Perak Musenm Notes,”
GO]

Vol. IL, Part L, p. 61-8. From this I will quote the summary, which
will be sufficient here:

‘The egg is laid in a small hole in the surface of the ground. On
hatching, the grub burrows into the soil and lives ou the well-rotted
roots and other vegetable matter contained in it. Having attained a
size of about } of an inch in length, it forms for itself a chamber in
the earth, about 2 inches below the surface, in which it undergoes its
metamorphosis. The perfect insect burrows its way out of the earth
at night and flies, probably the next day, in search of food. Having
found a tree on which it can live, it stays on it while there is any leaf
to eat, the females leaving the food plant from time to time to deposit
their eges in the ground.

«The results of digging showed that the grubs were most frequent
in the cleanest land. I dug in grass and weeds im many parts of the
estate, but could not find one. The same results followed digging in
serub and lalany land, and also under the hedges . . . In the
clear land, in one place, ax many as six grubs were found within an
area of less than one square yard; but, on an average, there are not more
than one or two per square yard. Of corse, the younger ones being
very small undoubtedly escape observation when turning over the
soil. At one per square yard we get 4,840 per acre, which is a sufti-
ciently large total to account for a very extensive destruction of foliage.”

Taking into account the life history of the msect, there appears tu be
only one period of its life when it is possible tu attempt to destroy it~
wand that is when it has attained maturity. Then it might be collected
by hand picking or killed by poisoning its food supply with one of the
arsenical powders applied as previously mentioned. Mr. E. Lauder
Watson informs me that he has nearly externunated it by hand picking.
The same method was also reported by the late Sir Greame Elphin-
stone to be effective in ridding the Liberian coffee on Gapis Estate of
the same pest.

DIE INLANDSTAMME DER MALAYISCHEN
HALBINSEL.
By Dr. RUDOLE MARTIN.

N this work—which covers two volumes and is extremely well
printed and illustrated—Dr. Martin discusses the data that he
has obtained, either personally or through the reports of other obser-
vers, regarding the wild tribes of the Malay Peninsula. He does not
do more than touch upon linguistic questions, but, except in this
important branch of research, his work is very thorough, and is only
inconclusive because the data that we possess are insufficient to lead
to any very positive resuits. .
62

It is customary to divide the wild tribes of the Malay Peninsula
iuto three distinet classes: the “Sémang,” or black woolly-haired
aborigiues of the North: the “Sakai,” or fair wavy-haired aborigines
of the Batang Padang mountains; and the “Jakuns,” or Indonesian
aborigines of Malacca and Johor. Of the Jakuns, Dr. Martin has little
to tell us-—he saw nothing of them; but confined bis personal obser-
vations to a few men of the Blanda, Bésisi, Sénoi and Stmang types
-—the best-known or stock types of *‘aborigimes.” Quite apart, how-
ever, from the *Jakun” omissions, it is extremely doubtful whether
Dr. Martin has really done more than deal with the outer fringe of
the “Sakai” question, 'The *Sémang,” in the North, are certainly
a highly specialized race; but between them and the Stnoi of Batang
Padang lie other important tribes—the “'Tembe,” of Clifford; the
“Bastard Sémang,” of Annandale and Robinson—who differ from
both Sénoi and Sémang, and who are not at all adequately discussed
in Dr. Martin’s book. In the valley of the Nénggiri there is said to
be a large community of Sakais; very little is known about them, and
Dr. Martin adds nothing to our knowledge. In the little-known country
between the Témbéling and the Kuantan, there are more Sakais, but
nothing whatever is known about their language, and the little that is
known about their blowpipes and their costume shows a great difference
between them and the other wild tribes of the Peninsula. In Selangor,
the dialect of the Sakais behind Rasa has some marked peculiarities,
while that of the Orang Kénaboi between Sungei Lui and Jelebu is
(if our vocabularies are to be trusted) totally unlike any other known
language. The numerous Sakai settlements between Johol and the
Upper Rompin have also to be investigated. In any case, it 1s
quite clear that the three stock divisions— Sémang,” “Sakai” and
“ Jakun”’—~are not an adequate description of the aboriginal races of
the Peninsula, and will have to be extensively modified in the future.

Dr. Martiu’s work is, therefore, not by any means “the last word”

on the wild tribes of Malaya, but it is an excellent summing up of all
that we know at present about them, Our information hitherto has
been largely of the nature of travellers’ tales; Dr. Martin has subjected
those tales—especiallv the tales of “ Professor” Vaughan-Stevens—to
scientific analysis and distinguishes to some extent between the true
und the false. He begins by giving us 73 pages on the Geography,
Geology, Climate, Flora and Fauna of the Peninsula—a section of the
work which is called for by continental ideas of thoroughness and not
by any special light that it throws on the questions at issue. He then
goes on to discuss the data about Pre-historic Malaya. Who made
the stone implements that we find in the Peninsulay Dr. Martin
vives good reasons for believing that the Sakais did not make them.
He then discusses the historical data, from Herodotus tu the last cen-
sus returns: Dut they throw no light on the origin of the Sakais. We
then get a very useful 20 pages on the History of Sakai Research, in
which Dr. Martin discusses very thoroughly the work of Vaugban-
O05

Stevens and finally dismisses the ‘‘ Professor” by quoting, with some
show of approval, a casual remark that he was ‘the biggest liar in
Asia.’ It was certainly time that the “ Professor's” statements
should begin to be taken with the salt of incredulity. Dr. Martin’s
account of the distributions and divisions of the wild tribes (pp. 177-
218) comes next. It is the least satisfactory part of the book; he
mentions very few tribes, confuses the Blandas and Bésisi, and devotes
for too much attention to trivial points, such as the spelling of tribal
names. How can it really help us to know that the word “Stnang”’
has been spelt in no less than seven different ways ?

The consideration of the ‘‘ Physical Anthropology” of the Sakai
and Sémang takes up no less than 433 pages, and is by far the
inost valuable portion of Mr. Martin’s work. Of course, we need more
data. No single aboriginal tribe has yet been exhaustively studied ;
many tribes are still practically unknown; the material that we
possess is of unequal value. The “ Ergology” of the wild tribes
is discussed in about 350 pages, and Dr. Martin completes his work
with 41 pages of “Concluding Remarks” on the anthropological
position of the wild tribes of the Malay Penimsula. His conclusions
ure mainly negative. A good bibliography and some excellent
plates are included in the second volume of Dr. Martin's Work.

There ean be no question of the utility of Dr. Martin’s book.
Kxeept in the matter of linguistics, it completely supersedes every
existing work, and is an excellent statement of the results obtained up
to the present by the study of these little-known wild tribes. But
they still remain little known. The great desideratum—a full account
of the distribution. of the aborigines and of thei differences—is still
lacking. Three tribes—Sénoi, Sémang and Bésisi—loom far too large
in all accounts of the wild tribes of the Peninsula. We are left
to judge the others by these three. Yet there are iminense differences
that are not to be so easily dismissed. The Kénaboi language differs
far more from the language of the neighbouring Bésisi, than the
Bésisi differs fron Sémang. What again is the explanation of
the cumimon element in the language of the Bésisi, Stmang and
Sénvi, when the racial differences are so great ¥ What is the explana-
tion of the ergological differences, the different types of blowpipe
coming from different parts of the Peninsula, the differing poisons, the
various ways of making fire? What is the true relation between
the so-called “ Bastard Sémang” and the Sénoi and Sémang? Mere
admixture of race will not explain the differences. Sakai Research
is too much confined to “ stock” tribes; we waut to know more about
the nen of the Néngeiri, of Kuantan, of Ulu Rompin and the Kénaboi.
There are numerous questions still remaining to be answered; and until
niore data are available any ambitious work on the wild tribes
must run the risk of being considered premature.

Kh. J. WILKINSON.
G |

THE FOOD OF THIET HAMADRYAD.

‘Pa BK Hamadryad, Nota beugarus, Sehleg., is the largest of poisonous
~  smatkes. Lydekker in the ‘Roval Natural History” gives the size
us 13 feet and states that it probably grows larger. The longest one
in the colleetion of the Perak Museum, measured in the flesh 14 feet
‘inches. I have heard of larger specimens, but have had no means
of verifying the measurements.

Ophiophagus, one ot the synonyms of the Hamadryad, means
“suake-cating,” im allusion to its well-known habit of devouring
members of its own order. It, however, does not appear to have been
recorded that it eats. not only innocuous, but poisonous snakes as well.
Two instances of this have come under my observation. In the first a
Hamadryad of about 10 feet in length was caught by Iutting it with
a stick, when it disgorged a 6-feet long Sun-snake (Adeniophis
bivirgatus, Boie.), which had only just been swallowed. The second
case Was of a Hamadryad which was caught and killed while m the
uct of englutting a Bungaras fasciatus, Cantor.

The Sun-suake ts, although poisonous, net of a very virulent type,
wud has sttch a small gape that it would be no match for a powerful
snake hike the King Cobra. The Bungarus fusciatus, on the other hand,
‘is one of the more poisonous species, and is, according to the Fauna of
British India, a snake-eater itself. Cantor in his “ Catalogue of Rep-
tiles inhabiting the Malavan Peninsula and Islands” writes: “ A fowl,
four minutes after it had been bitten on the inner side of the thigh by
a Bunyarvus fasciatus, fell on the wounded side and was shortly after
seized with slight purging. The eves were half closed, the pupils
alternately dilated and contracted, immobile. In seventeen minutes
slight spasms occurred, under which the bird expired forty-three
uunutes after it had been wounded.

“ Another fowl, wounded in the same place as the former by the
same serpent, bnt, after an interval of seven hours, expired under
sinilar syintoms, only more violent spasms, in the course of twenty-
clght minutes.”

Bearing on this subject. Sir J. Fayrer, Bt. x.c.s.1, mm thie
*Thanatophidia of India” writes: I have not been able to satisfy
invself positively, after many experiments made on purpose, that the
puisonous snakes are absvlutely insensible to their own, or to the
venom of others, but to a great extent they certainly are so.

“JT have repeatedly made Cobras and Daboias bite themselves, and
each other, and they never seemed the worse for it. But I beheve
that the poison dovs take effect on snakes of a less deadly character.
and although Tohave generally seen the Buugurus escape. 1 have seen
ag occasional death of this suake after a bite by a Cobra that, £ think.
65

might, with some reason, be attributed to the poison. The non-venom-
ous snakes die rapidly—the Ptyas, a large, vigorous and fierce snake,
though non-venomous, succumbs within an hour or so to the bite of a
Cobra.”

From the fact that, in natural circumstances, a Hamadryad has
been found to have killed and almost swallowed a large Bungarus, it
appears that it may be assumed that the poison of the latter is not
effective against the former, while the venom of the former is fatal to
the Bungarus. The Hamadryad being a much more agile reptile than
the other, i may rely on its quicker powers ‘of movement to enable it
to inflict a fatal bite on its prey and escape a bite itself; in the same
way as the Mongoose does. There is, therefore, still some doubt
respecting the first assumption, though, I think, that the second is
clearly proved.

Two cases of Hamadryads, caught in the act of eating non-poison-
ous snakes, have also come under my notice. In one the prey was a
Coluber radiatus of 5 feet 5 inches in length, while the Hamadryad .

measured 9 feet 7 inches; and in the second it was a common Rat
Snake.

lg VE.

REPORT ON ERYTHROXYLON COCA LEAVES FROM
PERAK,

By Proressor WYNDHAM R. DUNSTAN, m.a,, F.R.S.,
DIRECTOR.

HE sample of coca leaves which is the subject of this report was
forwarded for examination to the Imperial Institute by the
Director of Museums, Federated Malay States, with letter No. D. M.
56/1907, dated the 15th April, 1907. The leaves were procured from
the Kamuning Estate, Perak, where about half an acre has been
planted with Hrythrozylon coca.

DESCRIPTION OF SAMPLE.
The sample consisted of about 15 lbs. of brownish-green leaves,
which varied in length from 1 to 2 inches; they were brittle and very
much broken. The leaves resembled those of Erythroxylon coca, Lam.,

var. spruceanum, as cultivated in Java, but were rather browner than a
good sample of the latter.

RESULTS OF EXAMINATION.
Chemical examination of the leaves gave the following results :

Moisture at 100° C. ... ae ... 9.19 per cent.
Ash... _ me - we 6.95 r
Total alkaloids i wr we 0.64

Dee, 1907,
66

The pereentage of alkaloids present is quite equal to the average
umount found in commercial supplies of coca leaves from other
sources.

COMMERCIAL VALUATION.

A sample of the leaves was submitted for valuation to a firm of
manufacturing chemists, who reported that the colour was not parti-
cularly good, and that at present similar leaves containing 0.6 per
ceut, of total alkaloids would feteh 73d. to 8d. per 1b. on the London
market.

The firm stated that they had recently made a considerable pur-
chase of Java leaves of the same alkaloidal strength, but of superior
colour at the above-mentioned price.

CONCLUSIONS AND RECOMMENDATIONS.

These coca leaves from Perak were not very well prepared, being
nich broken and discoloured. To obtain the best price, the leaves
should be bright green, unbroken, and of govd aroma, and these
characters can ouly be obtained by collecting the leaves carefully and
drying them fairly rapidly.

It is stated that, in Java and Ceylon, the best qualities of coca
leaves are dried quickly by means of a current of warm air produced
bv a fan.

The price obtainable at the present time for coca leaves is fairly
reniunerative, because the trade, outside South America, is in a few
hands and there is no over-production of the leaves. The total
demand for coca leaves is, however, small, and there would be great risk
of overstocking the market and so reducing prices if further extensive.
planting is undertaken. Jn these circumstances, if it is proposed to
plant Erythroxylon coca in the Federated Malay States, the enterprise
should be started on wu small scale and afterwards extended, should
circumstances point to the desirability of this being done.

(Sd.) WYNDHAM R. DUNSTAN.
15th Tuly, 1907.

A HAND-LIST OF THE BIRDS OF THE MALAY PEN-
INSULA, SOUTH OF THE ISTHMUS OF KRA.

By HERBERT C. ROBINSON, c..z.s., M.B.O.U.,
CURATOR, SELANGOR STATE MUSEUM.
SINCE Hume published his three papers ! on “The Birds of the West-
ern Half of the Malay Peninsula” in 1879 and 1880, no general
list of the birds of the region has been issued, though a very consider-
able amount of collecting has been accomplished, more especially on

1 Stray Feathees, viii, pp. 37-72; lune ctl, pp. 151-163; op. cét., pp. 107-132.
O7

the main mountain range, in central Pahang, and on the north-east
coast. In view, therefore, of « work on the Vertebrate Fauna of the
Malay Peninsula, which is shortly to be undertaken under the auspices
of the Government of the Federated Malay States, I have thought it
well to bring together a revised list of the species at present recorded.
from the area. Considerations of space have prevented me from giving
the distribution of the species, either local or general, nor have I, except
in very occasional instances, thought it necessary to give any references
to descriptions or authority for occurrence.

My sources of informations have been the collections of the Perak,
Selangor and Singapore Musewns (the two former of which are very
rich in birds), the “Catalogue of Birds in the British Muscum” and
various papers on recent collections which I have cited in a former
article} and need not here repeat.

For the convenience of local students, species, which are represented
in one only of the local museums, are marked with an asterisk for
Perak and a dagger for Selangor, while those, which are desiderate to
both collections, are printed in antique type--e.g., Rheinwardtius
nigrescens. In addition, those forms which, though included in
the list, are of somewhat doubtful occurrence in the Peninsula, are
printed within square brackets.

ORDER GALLIFORMES—GAME-BIRDS.

 

1. Rhizothera longirostris 9. Lophura rufa (Raffles).
(Temm.). 10. Gallus gallus (Linn.).
2. Arboricola charltoni (Lyton). ll. Polyplectron malaccensis
+3. Arboricolacampbelli, Robinson (Scop.).
4, Caloperdix oculea (Temm.). | 12. Polyplectron inopinatus
5. Rollulus roulroul (Scop.). (Rothsch.).
6. Melanoperdix nigra (Vig.). 13. Argusianus argus (Linn.).
7. Excalfactoria chinensis | 14. Rheinwardtius nigres-
(Linn.). cens, Rothsch.
8. Acomus erythrophthalmus | 15. Pavo muticus, Linn.
(faffles). 16. Turnix taigoor, Sykes.
OnveR COLUMBIFORMES—PIGEONS.
17. Butreron capelli (Temm.). | £19. Sphenocercus korthalsi
+18. Sphenocercus robinsoni, (Lemm.).

 

Grant.

 

3. High mountains of South Perak and Selangor.
12. Mountains of Sclangor and Pahang above 3,000 feet.
14. Ulu Dong, Gunong Tahan, and possibly the vicinity of Kuala ‘Lipis, Pahang.
18. Gunong Tahan, Pahang; Scmangko Pass aud Gunong Mengkuang Lebah,
Selangor.
19. The only specimen certainly known from the Malay Peninsula is one shot

ou Pulau Rumpia, one of the Sembilan Islands, off the mouth of the Perak River,
in April, 1906.

 

 

! Jonata Fell ei. Stules nie p. 0 (1906.)_
68

PIG EONS—(cont.)

 

20. Osmotreron fulvicollis | 30. Columba punicea (Blyth).
(Wagl.). 31. Myristicivora bicolor (Seop.).
+21. Osmotreron bicincta (Jerd.). | 32. Macropygia leptogrammica
22. Osmotreron vernans (Linn.). (Temm.).
23. Osmotreron olax (Temm.). 33. Macropygia ruficeps
24. Treron nipalensis, Hodgs. (Temm.).
25. Ptilinopus jambu (Gim.). (34. Turtur humilis (Lemm.). |
26. Carpophaga cenea (Linn.). 39. Turtur tigrinus (Temm. and
27. Carpophaga badia (Rafles). Knip.).
(28. Carpophaga griseicapilla 36. Geopelia striata (Linn.).
(Wald.).| 37. Chalcophaps indica (Linn.).
(29. Columba grisea, G. | +388. Calenas nicobarica
R. Gr.] (Linn.).
ORDER RALLIFORMES—RALLS.
39. Hypotenidia striata (Linn.). ) 45. Amaurornis phenicura
40. Rallina fasciata (Raffles). (Lorst.).
+4]. Rallina superciliaris (Hyton). | 46. Gallinula chloropus
42, Porzana auricularis, (Linn.).
Rehnw. 47. Gallicrex cinerea (Lath.).
43. Poliolimnas cinereus 48. Porphyrio edwardsi,
(Vieill.). Elliot.
44. Limnobenus fuscus | 49. Heliopais personata (G. R.
(Linn.). Gr.).

ORDER PODICIP EDIDIFORMES—GREBES,
50. Podicipes philippinensis (Bonz.).

 

21. One specimen was shot at Kuala Sclangor on the Sclangor coast in
December, 1904.

28. The inclusion of this species in the Peninsular list rests on a specimen so
identified by Colonel Bingham, which was obtained at an altitude of 1,500 feet on
Bukit Serndum, Kuantan, Eastern Pahang. The species will not improbably be
found on the mountains of the northern half of the Peninsula, which have uot yet
been properly explored.

29. I] believe I have seen this pigeon in the mountains of South Perak and on
Pulau Jurak in the centre of the Straits of Malacca, off the mouth of the Perak
liver. Mr. Boden Kloss has also obtained a specimen on Pulau Taya, a small
island of the Lingga group, south of Singapore (Journ. Straits Branch Roy. Asiat.
Soc., No. 41, p. 58 (1904) ).

34. The only specimens recorded from the Malay Peninsula are three in the
sritish Museum (Solvad. Cat. Birds Brit. Mus., xxi., p. 436, spins. 7‘, s’, ¢’, (1898) ),
obtained at Malaecea by Wallace aud Maingay. The bird is imported from South
China to Sinvapore ag a cage-bird, and 1 am inelined to think that these speci-
inens were escapes from captivity, as the species is not one thatis at all likely to
be overlooked and no recent collector has met with it.

38. The only authentic locality for these speeies within the Hmits of the
present paper is Pulau Jarak, where I obtained two specimens in December, 1904.
The specimen from Khota Bharu, Kelantan, listed by Bonhote (2.2Z.8., 1901 (i),
p- 77), is almost certainly a cage-bird.

42. Recorded only from Singapore (Raffles Museum, Singapore) and from
Patelung on the north-east coast.

50. One specimen from Patelung is on record.
68.
69.
70.

71.

72

73.

74,
75.

76.
+77.

78.

ek
89.

81.

+82.

. Hydrochelidon

. Gelochelidon

6

J

ORDER LARIFORMES—GULLS any TERNS.

leucop-
tera, Meisn. and Schinz.
angelica

(Mont.).

. Seena seena (Sykes).

Sterna tibetana, Saunders.
Sterna longipennis, Nord.
Sterna dougalli, Mont.

. Sterna media, Horsf.

$58.
T59,
+60.
f61.
62.
63.
64.
65.

 

Sterna bergii, Licht.

Sterna sinensis, Gi.
Sterna minuta, Linn.
Sterna saundersi, Hume.
Sterna anzstheta, Scop.
Sterna melanauchen, Ten.
Anous stolidus (Linn.).

Micranous leucocapillus,
Gould.

OrDER CHARADRITFORMBS—PLOVERS ann WADERS,

. Arenaria interpres (Linn.).
. Sarcogrammus atrinuchalis,

Jerd.

Squatarola helvetica
(Innn.).

Charadrius dominicus
(P. L. 8. Mill.).

Ochthodromus  geoffroyi
(Wadgl.).

Ochthodromus mongolus
(Pall.).

Ochthodromus pyrrhothorax

(Gould.).
Ochthodromus veredus
(Gould.).
AXigialitis dubia (Scop.).
Aigialitis alexandrina
(Linn.).

Numenius arquata (Linn.).

Numenius pheopus
(Linn.).

Limosa nove-zealandie,
G. R. Gr.

Limosa limosa (Linn.).

Himantopus himantopus
(Linn.).

Macrorhamphus
owskii (Verr.).

Totanus calidris (Linn.).

taczon-

+83.
84.

+85.
+86.

87.
88.

89,
90.
f91.

92.

+94.

oF
96.
*97,
98. Rostratula

99.

100.

 

Totanus stagnatilis, Bechst.

Tringoides hypoleucus
(Linn.).

Glottis nebularius (Gnaner).

Pseudoglottis guttifer
(Nordin.).

Rhyacophilus glareola (Gim.).

Pavonecella pugnax
(Linn.).

Limonites minuta
(Leisler.).

Limonites

.(Pall.).

Limonites
(Pall.).

Ancylochilus
(Giildenst.).

Tringa crassirostris,
Temm. and Schleg.

Timicola platyrhyncha
(Temm.).

Gallinago stenura (Ituhl.).
Gallinago gallinago (Tinn.).
Scolopax rusticula, Lina.
capensis

ruficollis
damacensis

subarquatus

(Iinn.).
Hydrophasis chirurgus
(Scop.).

Glareola orientalis, Leach.

 

51. Noted in the Perak River estuary in November, 1906.

80. A specimen labelled as coming from Jelebu, a small State in the centre of
the Peninsula, east of Selangor, is in the Singapore Mnseum.

81. Also in the Singapore Museum from the Dindings.
86. Two specimens shot at Kuala Kedah, December, 1907.
88. Also in the Singapore Museum from Malacca.

97. I have examined the remains of a Woodcock shot at Parit on the Perak
River, and have also heard of occurrence at Province Wellesley and Malacca,
70)

Pawiny GRUIDE-CRANES.
101, Antigone sharpii (Dlun/.).

Fawiny JBIDIDE—IBISES.

102. Tbis melanocephala (Zath.). | 104. Thaumatibis gigantea
103. Graptocephalus davisoni | (Oust.).
(Hume).

Fawtny CICONIID.E—STORKS.
+105. Psendotantalus cinereus | 107. Leptoptilus dubius

1

(Raffles). (Giv.).
106. Dissoura episcopus | *108. Leptoptilus javanicus
(Bodd.). | (Horsf.).

109. Kenorhynchus asiaticus (Lath.).

Pawiny ARDEIDAE HERONS axp BITTERNS.

110. Pyrrherodias  manillensis | 117. Gorsachius melanolophus
(Meyen). | (Raffles).
111. Ardea sumatrana, Raffles. 118. Butorides javanica (Horsf.).
112. Ardea cinerea, Linn. 119. Ardeola grayi (Sykes).
‘115. Mesophoyx intermedia 120. Ardeola bacchus (Bp.).
(Wagl.). | 121. Bubuleus coromandus
+114. Garzetta garzetta (Linn.). (Bodd.).
115. Demiegretta sacra (Gim.). 122. Ardetta sinensis (Gimn.).
T116. Nyeticorax nyeticorax | 123. Ardetta cinnamomea
(Linn.). | (Gim.).

124. Dupetor flavicollis (Lath.).

Faminy AVATIDA—DUCKS ann GEESE.
*125. Asarcornis leucoptera | 127. Dendrocygna javanica
(Blyth). ( Horsf.).
126. Nettopus coromandelianus | $128. Spatula clypeata (Linn.).
(Gi.). | *129. Querquedula circia (Irinn.).
130. Nyroca fuligula (Linn.).

PamMsny PLOTID.E—DARTERS.
131. Plotus melanogaster (.).

 

101, 109. Recorded from Penang

(er coll. Dr. Cantor), but in both eases pro-
hbably imported.

105. By no means nnecommon on th

; e Selangor coast, but almost mprocurable
owing to the depth of mnd on the flats

it frequents. Also seen at Knala Kedah.
r . os
106. Very common on the eastern side of the Peninsula, but almost unknown

on the west coast, south of Kedah.

119, 120. Both these Pond Herons are also very rare on the west coast.

125. Very rare in the southern
towards the north.

128. As
Shoveller.

portion of the Peninsnla, bnt commoner
peermen shot near Knala Lumpur in 1898 is the only reeord for the

129. Oceasionally met with on the Perak River, but rare.

130. A specimen shot some years ago at Temerloh, Central Pahang, was (fide

A. 1. Butler) identified as this species by Mr. F. Finn. a
,
cl

Pawtny PILALACROCORACTD.E—CORMORAN'TS,
#132. Phalaerocorax carbo, 133. Phalacrocorax javanicus

Livn. (Horsf.).
Fawity PREGATID.E—-FRIGATE BIRDS,
134, Fregata aquila (Linn.). | 135. Fregata ariel (Gowld.).

Famity PILETUONTID.E—TROPIC BIRDS,
136. Pheethon indicus, Hume.

FAMILy SULIDE—GANNETS.
137. Sula sula (Linn.).

PamMiLty PELECANTD.E—PELECANS,

138. Pelecanus roseus, | *139. Pelecanus _ philippinensis,
Git. Gin.

 

OrvER ACCIPITRIFORMES.

Faminy VOLTURID.E—VULTURES.,

*140. Vnltur tenuirostris | *141. Pseudogyps bengalensis
(Hodgs.). (Gin.).
*142. Otogyps calvus (Scop.).

Famity FALCONID.E—EAGLES anp HAWKS.
143. Circus spilonotus, Kawp. | *150. Accipiter nisus (Linn.).
+144. Circus melanoleucus, Forst. | 151. Accipiter gularis, Team.
145. Circus pygargus, Linn. and Schleg.

 

+146. Circus erugimosus, Dini. #152. Hutolmaetus pennatus
147. Astur trivirgatus (Temmi.). (Gm.).

#148. Astur soloensis (Lath.). .|_ 158. Lophotriorchis kien erl
149. Astur badius (@m.). (Geof).

*154. Ictinaetus malayensis (Gm.).

 

132, 133. The shores of the southern portion of the Malay Peninsula are
not suitable for Cormorants, and the most southerly recorded locality is Pulau
Lalang, one of the Sembilan Islands, off the mouth of the Perak River.

134. Noted off the coast of Senggora, November, 1901, and near Pulau
Tioman, S. China Sea, September, 1907.

135. Seen off Batu, Selangor coast, November, 1906, and at the Aroa Islands,
Straits of Malacea, November, 1906, and June, 1907.

138, 139. Very local and occasionally disappearing for years at a time.
Fairly common at Patani, north-east coast in June, 1901.

140, 141, 142. The southerly limit of the Vultnre in the Malay Peninsula
appears to be Kuala Kangsar on the western side and the north bank of the
Pahang River on the east.

140. Shot near Taiping about fifteen years ago, and not met with since.

149. Recorded from Singapore by Dr. Hanitseh, but probably belonging to the
Burmese race, A. poliopsis, Hume.

150. Two speeimens in the Perak Museum, shot near Taiping many years ago,
undonbtedly belong to this species.

151. I have followed Ogilvie-Grant in regarding the Malayan Besra as refer-
rable to A. gularis and not to the typical A. virgatus. In the mountains, however,
a small richly eolonred bird is fonnd resembling A. rufotibialis from Kina Balu,
which may possibly be a distinct species. Further material is wanted before the
point can be decided, ;
72

EAGLES anp HAWKS—(cont.)

LS. 8S pizactns line tits 164. Haliastur intermedius,
(Horsf.). Gurney.
156. Spizaetus alboniger | 165. Milvus govinda (Sykes).
(Blyth). 166. Elanus ceruleus (Desf.).
15/7. Cireaetus hypoleucus 167. Macherhamphus aleinus,
(Pall.). Westerm.
158. Spilornis pallidus (Wald.). 168. Pernis cristatus, Temi.
159. Spilornis bacha (Dand.). 169. Pernis tweedalei, Hume.
+160. Butastur indicus (Gm). +170. Baza lophotes, Temm.
16]. Buteo desertorum (Daud.). | *171. Baza jerdoni (Blyth).
162. Hahaetus leucogaster | +172. Cerclmeis saturata (Blyth).
(Gm.). 173. Microhierax fringillarius
+163, Haliaetus leueocoryphus (Drap.).
(Poll.). 174. Falcus peregrinus, Tunst.

 

175. Faleus severus, Horsf.

Fawtry PANDIONID.L—OSPREYS.

176. Pandion hahaetus (Linn.). | *178. Polioaetus humilis (Mill.

177. Polioactus ichthyaetus | and Schleq.).

|
1

(Horsf).
OrpER STRIGIFORMES—OWLS.
179. Asio otus (Linz). | 188. Ninox scutulata, Raffles.
180. Huhua orientalis | 189. Syrnium seloputo
(Horsf.). ' (Horsf.).
181. Ketupa ketupa (Horsf.). *190. Syrnium newarense
182. Scops malayana, Hay. (Hodgs.).
(183. Scops sunia, Hodgs. | 191. Syrnium maingayi,
184. Scops lempiji (Horsf.). Hume.
185. Seops sagittata, Cassin. 192. Glaucidium brodei
186. Scops rufescens (Horsf.). (Hutton).
+187. Heteroscops vulpes, 193. Photodilus badius (Hors/.).
Grant. 194. Strix javanica (Horsf.).

 

157. The speeies is recorded from Ampang, near Kuala Lumpur, Selangor,
by Mr. A. L. Butler, but the speeimen is no longer extant.

161. Two specimens, adult and immatnre, obtained many years ago near
Taiping, are in the Perak Museum. A third has recently been obtained near
Knala Lumpur.

163. Equaliy common with H. lencogaster at Langkawi, 70 miles north of
Penang, in Deeemher, 1907.

171. A very immature bird from near Taiping.

172. Though very much faded, two mounted specimens in the Singapore

Museum appear to belong to this raee. T obtained a third specimen in Langkawi
in November, 1907.

179. A speciinen was shot some years ago by Mr. H. N. Ridley in the Botanic
Gardens, Singapore, and is now in the Raffles Museum.

180. Specimens of Bubo coromandux of reputed local origin, and attributed to
this epecies, are in the Singapore Musemn. Some mistake has probably been
made about locality.

187. So far as is at present known, confined to the high mountains of Selangor
und Pahang, .
+195.

196.

+200.

205,

206.
¥207.
208.

209.
210.
*211.
212.
213.
214.

222.
*223.
224.

227,

195.
198.
2038.
211.

225

. Anthracoceros

ORDER PSITTACI rf OR MES —PARROTS.

Palwornis fasciatus
(P. LS. Mill).

Paleornis longicauda
(Bodd.).

197. Psittinus incertus (Shaw).
*198. Loriculus

vernalis
(Sparrn.).

F 199. Loriculus galgulus (Linn.).

Orpver CORACIIFORMES.
FaMILY PODARGIDA—FROGMOUTHS,

Batrachostomus auritus

(Gray).

 

201. Batrachostomusstellatus
(Gould).

7202. Batrachostomus affinis (Blyth).

FamMity CORACIID2A/—ROLLERS,

Coracias affinis, McClell. |

204. Eurystomus orientalis

(Linn.).

205. Eurystomus calonyx, Sharpe.

FaMity ALCEDINIDA—KINGFISHERS,

Pelacgopsis amauroptera
(Pears.).
Pelargopsis malaccensis,
Sharpe.
Pelargopsis
Sharpe.
Pelargopsis fraseri, Sharpe.
Alcedo bengalensis, Gm.
Alcedo euryzona, Temm.
Alcedo meninting, Horsf.
Ceyx tridactyla (Pall.).
Ceyx euerythra, Sharpe.

burmanica.

 

215. Carcineutes pulchellus

(Horsf.).

216. Haleyon coromandus
(Lath.).

217. Halcyon smyrnensis
(Linn.). ,

218. Halcyon pileatus (Bodd.).

219. Halcyon armstrongi,
Sharpe.

Halcyon humii, Sharpe.

Halcyon concretus

(Temm.).

220.
221.

FaMILty BUCEROTID.F—HORNBILIS.

(Gin.).
malayanus
(Rafies).

Cranorrhinus corrugatus
(Temm.).

231.

Buceros rhinoceros (Linn.). 228. Rhytidoceros undulatus
Dichoceros bicornis (Linn.). (Shaw).

Anthracoceros convexus 229. Rhytidoceros subruficollis
(Tenin.). (Blyth).

. Anthracoceros malabaricus | 230. Anorrhinus galeritus

(Temm.).
Berenicornis

(Raffles).
Rhinoplax vigil (Forst.).

comatus

232.

 

Seen at Trengeann by Davison, but not apparently procured.
A northern form extending as far south as Larnt, and donbtfnrlly to Klang,

Only recorded at present from the vicinity of Patani.

Confined to monntainons districts and very rare.
. Not met with south of Kedah. Numerons on Langkawi—an island on the
coast of that State.

229. Met with in large flocks along the west coast during the north-east
monsoon, hence Maingay’s name “ Hydrocissa migratorins.”’
74.

BAWIty UPUPID2E—HOOPOES.
253. Upupa indica, Reichenh.

FaMiny WEROPID.E—BEE-KATERS,

254. Melittophagus  swinhoii 236. Merops — philippinus,
(Hume). Linn.

235. Merops sumatranus | 237. Nyetiornis amicta
(Rafiles). (Temm.).
FAMILY CAPRIMULGIDA—GOATSUCKERS,

*238. Lyncornis cervineiceps, 240. Caprimulgus ambiguus,
Gould. Hartert.

239, Lynecornis temmincki, | +241. Caprimulgus jotaka, Temm.

Conid, * and Sedleq.

FamIty CY PSELID.E—SWIFTS.

+242. Collocalia innominata, 249. Chetura leucopygialis,
Harter. Blyth.

+243, Collocalia inexpect ata, | +250. Cypselus pacificus (Lath.).
Hume. 251. Uvpselus subfureatus

244. Collocalia linchi, Horsf. and (Blyth).
Moore. 252. Tachornis infumata,

245. Colocalia gigas, Hartert. Sclater.

246, Chetura gigantea (Tenm.). 253. Macroptervx longipennis

247. Cheetura indica, Hume. (Rafin.).

248. Chetura  cochinchinensis. 254. Macropteryx comata
Oust. (Temm.).

 

ORDER TROGONES—TROGONS.
255, Pyrotrogon neglectus, {| 258. Pyrotrogon duvauceli

Forbes and Robinson. | (Temm.).

256, Pvyrotrogon kasumba | 259. Pyrotrogon orropheeus,
(Raffles). Cab. and Heine.

257. Pyrotrogon ervthrocepha- | 260. Pyrotrogon orescins
lus (Gould), (Temm.).

ORDER COCCYGES—CUCKOOS,.
261. Coceystes coromandus | 263, Hierococeyx  sparverioides

(Linn.). (Viq.). =
262, Surniculus lugubris +264. Hierococcyx nisicolor
(Horsf.). (Hodgs.).

233. A line drawn from the mouth of the Kedah River on the west coast to
the mouth of the Patani on the east seems to be the sonthern limit of this species,

 

238. Penang is the most southerly locality for this species.

241. Possibly a resident in the mountain districts throughont the vear;
common on migration during the winter months.

246, 247. Both forms are found in the Malay Peninsula, Chetura indica being
commoner during the winter months and in the more northerly districts.

245. Recorded from Semangko Pass, Selangor, and from Taiping, Perak.

250. Until quite recently a specimen in the British Musenm from Penang was
the only anthority for the occurrence of this species in the Malay Peninsula. In
October, 1907, however. it appeared in immense flocks in the vicinity of
Kuala Lumpur.

259, Not known north of Klang.
)

03

CUCKOOS— (eon/.)

265, Hierococecyx nanus,
Hime.

*266. Hierococeyx hocki, Wardl.- —
Rams.

267. Cuculus micropterus, Gould.

268. Cuculus canorus, Linn.
+269. Cuculus saturatus, Hodgs.
$270. Cuculus poliocephalus,

 

Lath.

271. Penthocervx sonnerati
(Lath.).

272. Cacomantis mernlinus |
(Seop.). .

273. Chaleococcyx zanthorhyn-

chus (Horsf.).

$276. Chaleococeyxy malavants

(Raffles).

277. Hudynamis honorata
(Linn.).

+278. Centropus rectunguis,
Strick.

279. Centropus sinensis (Steph.).

280. Centropus javanicus
(Dumont).

281. Zanclostomus
(Horsf.).
282. Rhopodytes tristis (Less.).
283. Rhopodytes diardi (Less.).
284. Rhopodytes sumatranus

javanicns

(Raffles).

285. Rhinortha chlorophea
(Rafiles).

286. Urococeyx erythrognathnus
(Hartl.).

Fawity CAPITONTD.£—BARBETS.

 

274. Chaleococeyx maculatus
(Gi.).
275. Chaleocoeccyx basalis
(Horsf.).
287. Calorhamphus hayi
(J. H. Grey).
288. Chotorhea chrysopogon
(Tenm.).
289. Chotorhea versicolor
(Raffles).
290. Chotorhea mystacophanes
(Temm.).
291. Cyanops henrici (Zenm.).
292. Cyanops ramsayi
(Wald.).

293. Cyanops oorti (Mill),
#294, Thereiceryx lineatus

(Vieill.).

295. Mesobucco duvauceli
(Less.).

296. Mesobucco cyanotis
(Blyth).

*297. Zantholema hemato-
cephala (P. L. S. Miil.).

298. Psilopogon pvrolophus
GS. Mill.).

FPaMIty JVNDICATORIDE—HONEY-GUIDES,
299. Indicator archipelagicus (Temm.).

FamiLy PICTD.F—WOODPECKERS.

300. Gecinus
(Vieill.).

vittatus

301. Geeinus viridanus
(Blyth).

266. A somewhat immature specimen from the Taiping llills has, Mr. Wray
assures me, been identified as this species by comparison at the British Musenm.

270, High mountains of Selangor, January, 1905.

282. Not oceurring sonth of Kedah, except on the high mountains of Batang

Padang.

292, 298, 298. All confined to the zone above 3,000 feet.
294. On the western side not recorded south of Kedah; on the east, it has been

met with in ecntral Pahang.

299. One of the rarest of all Malayan birds, the only Peninsular speeimen being

the one obtained by Davison, near Klang,

and now in the British Museum.

301, Like so many other birds, this species attains its southern limit in Patani

and Kedah,
~

(06

WOODPECKERS—(cond.)

302. Gecinus robinsoni, Grant. 316. Microptornus pheoceps,
303. Gecinus rodgeri, Hartert Blyth.
and Butler, 317. Tiga javanensis (Ljung).
304. Gecinus observandus, Har- | 318. Chrysophlegma malacecense
tert. (Lath.).
+305. Gauropicoidesrafilesi(Viy.). | 319. Chrysophlegma humii,
306. Gecinulus viridis, Blyth. Hargitt.
307. Iyngipicus pumilus, 320. Chrysophlegma wrayi,
Hargitt. Sharpe. z
308. Iyngipicns canicapillus, 321. Chrysocolaptes gutticrista-
Blyth. tus (Tick.).
+309. Iyngipicus auritus (Gim.). 822. Chrysocolaptes validus
(310. Dendrocopus analis (Temi).
(Horsf.).] 323, Hemicereus sordidus (Hy-
#311. Pyrrhopicus pyrrhotis jen).
(Hodgs.). i 324. Hemicereus canente
312. Pyrrhopicus porphyromelas (Tess.).
(Boie.). ; 325. Alophonerpes  pulverulen-
313. Miglyptes grammithorax ee (Tomine) ~~ .
(Math.). 326. Thriponax javensis
314. Miglyptes tukki (Less.). , (Horgf.). : ;
315. Micropternus brachvurus 327. Picumnus innominatus
(Vietil.). ; (Burton).

 

328. Sasia abnormis (Temm.).

ORDER LURYVL.AEMIFORMES—BROADBILLS.

329. Calyptomena viridis, Raffles. | 333. Eurylemus ochromelass
330. Psarisomus  dalhousiz Rafles.
(Jameson). 334. Corydon  (sumatranu,
+331. Serilophus  rothschildi, (Raffles). .
Hartert and Butler, 335, Cymborhyuchus malaccen-
332. Eurylemus — javanicus, sis, Salvad.
Horsf.
OrpveR PASSHRES—PERCHING BIRDS.
Pamby PITTIDA—GROUND-THRUSHES,
¥336. Pitta ceerulea (Ruffles). 340. Pitta cucullata, Hartl.
337, Pitta cyanoptera, Temm. | 341. Eucichla boschii, Jfill. and
+338. Pitta megarhyncha, Schleg. | Schleg.
339. Pitta coccinea, Eyton. 342, Eucichla gurneyi, Hume.

 

302. At present known only from the types from Gunong Tahan.

306. From the vicinity of Tongkah only.

310. This Wovudpecker is recorded from Malacca, bnt I very much doubt
whether it really ocenrs there ; no recent collectors have met with it.

327. The only recorded specimen from the Malay Peninsula is one from the
Larut Hills, obtained by Mr. Wray, and now in the British Museum.

330. Larut Hills, Perak ; Semangko Pass, Selangor; Gurong Tahan, Pahang.

331. Known only from the four original specimens obtained by Mr. Butler on
Gunong Ijau, Perak, and from two males from Gintiug Bidei, Selangor, 2,300 fect,
shot in November, 1907.
+343.
344.

yo
ns
AT

349,
£350.
351.
352.
309.

354.
390.

356.
357,
308.
359.

360.
301.

365.

386.
387.

oY

FamMity HIRUNDINIDAE—-SWALLOWS.

Hirundo rustica, Linn.
Hirundo gutturalis, Scop.

345,
346.

Hirundo javanica, Sparru.
Hirundo batia, Cass.

Famity MUSCICAPID.E—FLYCATCHERS,

. Hemichelidon fuliginosa,

Hodgs.
. Hemichelidon — ferruginea,
Hodgs.
Alseonax latirostris
(Rajfies).

Cyornis concreta (S. Mill.)

Cyornis ruecki, Oust.

Cyornis unicolor, Blyth.

Cyornis tickellie, Blyth.

Cyornis frenata, Hume.

Cyornis erythrogas-
ter, Sharpe.

Cyornis sumatrensis,
Sharpe.

Cyornis
Briiqgem.

Nitidula hodgsoni
(Moore).

Anthipes malayana,
Sharpe.

Niltava decipiens, Salvad.

Muscitrea cinerea,
Blyth.

turcosa,

. Erythromyias muelleri

(Blyth).
Poliomyias luteola (Pall.).
Muscicapula malayana,
Grant.
Muscicapula westermanni,

Shar pe.

. Gerygone modiglianii,

Salvad.

 

 

367. Xanthopygia xanthopygia
(Hay).
1868. Cyanoptila bella (Hay).
369. Hypothymis azurea
(Bodd.).
3/0. Rhipidura albicollis
(Vieill.).
3/1. Rhipidura perlata,
S. Mill.
372. Rhipidura javanica
(Sparrm.).
373. Terpsiphone affinis
(Blyth).
374. Terpsiphone princeps
(Temm.).
375. Terpsiphone incii (Gould).
376. Philentoma  velatum
(Tenm.).
377. Philentoma pyrrhopternm
(Temm.).
378. Rhinomyias pectoralis
(Salvad.).
379. Culicicapa ceylonensis
(Swains.).
380. Cryptolopha trivirgata
(Strickl.).
381. Cryptolopha butleri,
Hartert.
382. Cryptolopha davisoni,
Sharpe.
+383. Abrornis schwaneri
(Temm.).
384. Stoparola melanops (Vig.}.

385. Stoparola thalassinoides (Cab.).

Famity CAMPOPHAGID.E—CUCKOO-SHRIKES.

Artamides larutensis,

Sharpe.

Artamides sumatreunsis |

(S. Miill.).

388

309

. Volvocivora
(Hune).

. Pericrocotus flammifer,
Hume.

neglecta

 

366. Known only, so far as the Malay Peninsula is concerned, from two
specimens, both from Pahang.

381. The types are from Gunong Ijau, Perak, and no other specimens are
known.

382. Recently obtained in numbers at Ginting Bidci, Sclangor, 2,300 fect.
oy0.
301.

302.

307.

398.

399,
400.
401,
402.
403.
40-4.
405.
406.
407,
408,

409,
410.

411.
2)2.

415,
$14.

415,

78

CUCKOO-SHRIKES—(cont.}

Pericrocotus fraterculus,
Swinh,

Pericrocotus montanus,
Salvad.

Pericrocotus zanthogaster
(Raflles).

 

003. Pericrocotus igneus,
Blyth.

394. Pericrocotus cinereus, Lay.
395. Lalage terat (Bodd.).

396. Lalage -culminata
(Hay).

Famity PYVCNONOTID_E.-BULBULS.

Abgithina viridissima
(Bp.).

Aegithina tiphia (Laun.).

JEthorhyuchus lafresuayei
(Hartl.).

Chloropsis hardwickil,
Jard. and Selby.

Chloropsis zosterops
(Viy.).

Chloropsis choloroce-
phala, Wold.

Chloropsis ictervcephala
(Less.).
Chloropsis

(Teme).
Trena cyanea, Beybie.
Irena puella (Luth.).
Hemixus cinercus (Blyth).
Hemixus malaccensis

(Blyth).

Tole olivacea, Blyth.

Jole peracensis, Hartert.
and Butler.

Tole virescens, B/yth.

Euptilosuseuptilosus

(Jard. and Selby).
Microtarsus melanoce-

phalus (Gm.).
Microtarsus cinereiven-
tris (Blyth).
Microtarsus melanolencus
(Lyton).

cyanopogon

 

 

|

416. Criniger salange.
Sharpe.

. Criniger tephrogenys
(Jard. and Selby).

418. Criniger ochraceus,

Moore.
| +419. Criniger finschi, Salvad.

420. Alophoixus pheocephalus
(Hartl.).

421. Tricholestes  criniger
(Blyth).

422. Trachycomus ochreoce-

phalus (Gm.).

423. Pyenonotus analis
(Horsf.).

424. Pycnonotus finlaysoul
(Strickl.).

425. Pycnonotus blanfordi,
Jerd.

426. Pycnonotus robinsoni,
Grant.

427. Pyenonotus plumosus,
Blyth.

428. Pycnonvtus simplex, Less.

429. Pycnonotus salvadorii,
Sharpe.

430. Otocompsa emeria (Linu.).

431. Otocompsa fluviventris
(Tickell). -

432. Rubigula cvaniventris

(Blyth).
433, Rubigula weberi (Hume).

 

39). Pericrocotus wrayt, Sharpe, aud P. crocers, Sharpe, have been shown to be
synonyms or aberrations of this species, originally deseribed from the mountains
of Sumatra.

402, 406. Only known from the extreme north of the Peninsula.

AIS. Criniger xordidux, Richmond, Proc. U.S. Nat, Mus., xxii., p. 320 (1960),
is probably a synonym of this species, the author having evidently compared it
with the yellowcr lowland form, C. fephrogenysx, J. and §.

425, Listed by Bonhote from Biserat Jalor in the interior ct the Patani
States on the cust coust of the Peninsula.

(P. ZS. 1401, (i), p. 62).

426. As yet only kuown from the (ypes collected co the coast oF Patani.
79

Famity TIMELIIDAE—BABBLERS,

434. Eupetes macrocerceus
(Temm.).

435. Trochalopteron peninsula,
Sharpe.

436. Pomatorhinus borneensis,
Cub.

437. Pomatorhinus olivaceus,
Blyth.

438. Pomatorhinus wrayi,
(Sharpe).

439. Melanocichla lugubris,
(S. Mill.).

440, Rhinocichla mitrata
(S. Miill.).

44]. Timelia jerdoni, Wuldeu.

442, Pellorneum subochraceum,

454,

. Turdinus

» Turdinus

. Aithostoma

Swinh.

.Turdinus olivaceus

(Strickl.).

. Turdinus magunirostris,

Moore.
macrodactylus,
Strickl.
loricatus

(S. Miill.).

. Erythrocichla bicolor

( Less.).

. Drymocataphus nigricapit-

atus (Hyton).

. Drymocataphus tickelli

(Blyth).
rostratum
(Blyth).

. Setaria magna (Lytow).
. Setaria cinerea (Hytow).
3. Setaria albigularis,

(Blyth).
Setaria affinis (Blyth).

 

455,
456.
457,
458.

459.

. Stachyris
. Stachyris

_Stachyris

Setaria melanocephala
(Davison).
Anuropsis
Hartt.
Turdinulus
Hartert.
Turdinulus granti,
Richm.
Corythocichla
Sharpe.

malaccensis,

humei,

leucosticta,

. Alcippe peracensis, Sharpe.
. Aleippe cinerea, Blyth.
. Pseudominla

soror
(Sharpe).

. Stachyris davisoni, Sharpe.
. Stachvris poliogaster,

Hume,

policcephala
(Ten. ).

nigricollis
(Lenvin.).

leucotis

(Stricktl.),

.Stachyris maculata

(Temm.).

. Stachyris chrysea (Blyth).
. Stachyris chrysops,

Richi.

. Kenopia striata (Blyth).
. Cyanoderma erythopterum

(Blyth.).

. Mixornis gularis (Rajles).

. Macronus ptilosus, Jard.
and Selby.
. Myiophoneus — dichrorhyn-

chus, Salvad.
Myitophoneus robinsoni,
Grant,

 

437. Not known south of Kedah.
439. Melunocichla peninsularis, Sharpe, from the mountains of Perak and

Selangor is identical with this Sumatran species.

442. The most southerly recorded locality is ‘Taiping.

446. Hitherto known only from Sumatra.
Ginting Bidei, Selangor, 2,300 feet, in dense bamboo jungle.

A single female was obtained at

+19. The only Peninsular localities at present known are Bukit Kutu, Ulu
Selangor, at a height of 3,000 feet, and Ginting Bidei, 2,300 feet.

455. Only known from the type and one other specimen, both from Pahang.

458, 470. From the mountains of Trang, northem part of the Peninsula.
Unique in the United States National Museuin.

476. Migh mountains of Selangor.
477,
+78.
479.
+80.
481].

488.
489.

+490.
419) .
492.
+493.

#494.
495,

509,

510,

511.

. Locustella

80

BABBLERS—(con?.)

Brachypteryx wrayi, Graut.
Sibia snnillima, Salvad.
Siva malavana, Hartert.
Siva sordidior, Hartert.

482.
485.

454.

485.

Cutia cervinicrissa, Sharpe.

Piecrythius eralatus
(Tickell).

Ptervthius tahanensis,
Hartert.

Mesia argentauris, Hodys.

Famity TROGLODYTID.E-WRENS,
+486. Pnoepyga lepida, Sulvad.

Famity TURDID.E—THRUSIEES,

Herpornis  zantholeuca,
Hodgs.
. Geocichla interpres

(Temm.).
Geocichla citrina (Lath.).
Geocichla innotata
(Blyth.).
Cichloselys
(Hume).
Oreocichla affinis, Richm.
Turdus obscurus (Gin.).
Petrophila solitaria
(P. DL. 8. Miili.).
Petrophila gularis (Swinh.).
Henicurus leschenaulti
(Vieill.).

davisoni

 

496.
497.
498.

F499.
500.

O01.
302.

+503.
+504.

Henicurus schistaceus
( Hodgs.).

Hydrocichla ruficapilla
(Temm.).

Hydrocichla frontalis
(Blyth.).

Larvivora cyanea (Pall).

Copsychus musicus
( Rajjles.).

Cittocincla macrura ((fm.).

Trichixus pyrrhopygus
(Less.).

Pratincola maura (Pall.).

Pratincola caprata (Linn).

FPamity SVLVUD.LE—-WARBLERS.

Temm. and Schleg.

lanceolata
(Temm.).

. Sutoria sutoria (I’orst.).
. Sutoria

maculicollis
(Moore).

Orthotomus atrigu-
laris (Temm.).

Orthotomus ruficeps
(Less.).
Orthotomus cineraceus

(Blyth.).

. Acrocephalus orientalis, |

512.

$513.
+514.
515.
O16.

17.

Cir

518.

Cisticola cisticola (Temm.).
Cisticola exilis (Vig. and

Horsf.).
Franklinia rufescens
(Blyth.).
Arundinax edon
(Pall.).

Acanthopneuste tencelli-
bes (Swenh.).

Acanthopneuste trochi-
loides, Sundev.

Acanthopneuste borealis
(Blas.).

 

486. Gunong Batu Puteh, South Perak; Gunong Tahan, Pahang.

489. As Hume himsclf considered, it is more than doubtful if this so-called
species can be separated from C. sibericu (Pall.).

491. From Trang.

United States National Museum.

494. The Perak Museum possesses a single specimen of this rare Rock Tlrush
from the Taiping Hills.

496. Recorded from Gunong Ijau, Perak, and from the vicinity of the Semangko
Pass, Selangor.

503. At present only met in Singapore.

504%. Sporadic in winter in the northern parts of Uie Peninsula.

506, Batu. Sclanvor Coast; Aroa Islauds, Straits of Malacea; Singapore.
$519.

520.

545,

O49,
290.

cr
he
or

Dee.,

. Dendrophila azurea

Sl

WARBLERS— (coxt.)
Acanthopneuste coronatus | 521. Phyllergates civereicollis,
\
|

(Temm.). Sharpe.
Acanthopneuste magni- 522. Suya waterstradti,
rostris (Blyth). Hartert.

523. Burnesia flaviventris (Deless.),

FaMiLty LANIID.E—SHRIKES,

. Heimipus obscurus (Hors/.). 528. Lanius bentet (Horsf.).
. Hemipus picatus (Sykes). 529. Lanius tigrinus, Drap.
. Tephrodornis. gularis | +530. Lanius luconiensis (Bp.).

(Rafiles). | 58). _Lanius cristatus, Linn.
. Platylophus ardesiacus, | 532. Lanius superciliosus,
Cab. Lath.
FamMity P.ARIDE—TITMICE,
. Parus cinereus 534, Melanochlora flavocristatu
(Vieill.). (Lafr.).

FamMity SIZ7ID.E—NUT-HATCHES,

+536. Dendrophila frontalis
(Sweins).

537. Dendrophila saturatior, Hartert.

 

(Less.).

Famity CORVIDA—-CROWS.

. Corvus macrorhynchus, | 540. Cissa robinsoni, Grant.

Wagl. 541. Crypsirhina varians

. Corvus enca, Horsf. (Lath.).

542. Platysmurus leucopterus (Temi).

FaMILy DICRURID.E—KING-CROWS.

. Dicrurus annectens, Hodys. | 546. Chaptia mulaycusis

Dicrurus nigrescens, (Huy).
Oates. 547. Bhringa remifer (Zenim.)
Dicrurus leucogenys, | 548. Dissemurus paradiseus
Walden. (Linn.).
Faminy ORIOLID.E—ORIOLES,
Oriolus indicus, Jerd. | 551. Oniolus zanthonotus, Hors/,
Oriolus melanocephalus, | 552. Oriolus consunguineus,
Linn. | Wardl. Rams.

Famity STURNID.E—STARLINGS.

3. Bulabes intermedia | 554. Hulabes javanensis

(Hay). (Osbeck).

 

. High mountains of Perak, Selangor and Pahang.
- Gunong Tahan, Pahang.

. Mountains of South Perak and Pahang.

533.
540.
odd,

00.

Coast line of the northern parts of the Peninsula ouly,
Gunong Tahan and high mountains of Selangor.
Coust of Patani.

Not known south of the vicinity of Tongkuh (Junk Ceylon).

1907,
82

STARLINGS—(cont.)
555. Calornis chalybea | [558. Sturnia nemoricola

(Horsf.). (Jerd.). |
5056. Sturnia sinensis (Gui.). f559. Agrospar sturninus (Pall.).
(557. Sturnia malabarica | 560. Acridotheres torquatus,
(Gm.).) Davison.

561. Athiospar fuscus (Wagl.).

Famity ?LOCEIDE—WEAVER BIRDS.
562. Sporeginthus amandava | 567. Munia maja (Linn).

(Linn). | 568. Munia acuticauda, Hodgs.
(503. Sporeeginthus flavidi- | 569. Munia leucogastra (Blyth.).
ventris (Wallace). | 570. Munia punctulata (Linn.).
564. Ploceus inexpectatus, | 57] Brythura prasina
Hartert. a | (Sparri.).
565. Munia orvzivora (Linw.). 572. Chlorura borneensis,
566. Munia atricapilla (Vieill.). | Sharpe.
Fawny PRINGILLID.E -FINCHES.
573. Passer montanus, | 574, Pyrrhula waterstradti,
Linn. Hartert.
+575. Emberiza aureola, Pall.
Famity MOTACILLID.E—WAGTALLS.
o(6. Motacilla feldeggii, | 579. Motacilla taivanus,
Mich. Swink.
577. Motacilla melanope, Pall. , 580. Limonidromus indicus
578. Motacilla borealis, | (Gi.).
Sunder. 4581. Anthus richardi, Vierll.

582. Authus malayensis, Myton.

Fawaty NECTARINIT D.—SUNBIRDS.
983. Chaleostetha pectoralis | 586. ASthopygasiparaja (Horsf.).

(Temi). +587. Athopvga cara, Hume.
984, Athopyga wrayi, Sharpe. +588. ASthopyga anomala, Richm.
58). /ithopyga temmincki | 589, Arachnecthra hasselti
: (Horsf.). (Temmn.).

297, 005. Both these species oceur (fide Hanitsch) in Singapore. They have
not been met with elsewhere in the Peninsula.

560. As yet known only from the type from central Pahang.

962, 063. The records of these species from Singapore are probably due to
escapes from captivity. Both are found in large numbers in the bird shops of the
city.

ov. Rare; the only authentic localities are Klang, Selangor, and Bentoug,
Pahang.

572, The only specimen as yet secured is a female from the Telém valley
horders of Perak and Pahang at nearly 4,000 fect.

987. Oltained on Gukit Kutu. Selangor, 3,000 fect, by Mr. A. L. Butler, in
November, SYS, and the only record for this species in the Peninsula.

SSS. Veseribed from Trang in the nuit of the Peninsula, but also found on
Bukit Kutu with the precediny.
)

2
®)

om

SUN BIRDS—(coxt.)

 

590. Arachnecthra pectoralis 097, Arachnothera magna,
(Horsf.). Hodgs.
591. Arachnecthra flammaxil- 598. Arachnothera modesta,
laris (Blyth.). Hyton.
592. Anthothreptes hypogram- | 599. Arachnothera longirostris
mica (S. Miill.). (Lath.).
593. Anthothreptes malaccensis | 600. Arachnothera chrysogenys
(Scop.). (Lemim.).
594, Anthothreptes rhodolema, | 601. Arachnothera flavigastra
Shelley. | (Tenm.).
+595. Anthothreptes simplex | 602. Arachnothera crassirostris
CS. Miull.). (Reichenb.).
596. Chalcoparia phenicotis | 603. Arachnothera robusta, Will.
(Gin.). and Schleg.
Fawiry DICLEID.E-FLOWER PECKERS,
604. Diceum  cruentatum 608. Diceum olivaceum,
(Linu.). Walden.
605. Diceum trigonostigma 609. Prionochilus ignicapillus,
(Scop.). Eyton, |
606. Diceum chrysorrheum 610. Prionochilus maculatus,
(Temn.). Temm.
607. Diceum ignipectus, | f611. Prionochilus thoracicus
Hodys. (Temm.).

612. Piprisoma modestum, Huiie.

Famity ZOSTEROPID.E—-WHITE EYES,
7613. Gosterops palbebrosa | 615. Zosterops tahanensis,

(Pew.). Grant.
tol4. Zosterops aureiventer, | 616. Zosterops simplex,
Hume. Swink.

 

613, 616. Found only in the north of the Peninsula and possibly seasonal
visitors.

SUMMARY. .
Total number of species in Fauna... 00 500) 600 616
Represented both in Perak and Selangor Museunis ... 376
in Selangor Museum only on 500 88
Total in Selangor Museum... i wee a —— 4064
Represented in Perak Museum only ... a wv | 28
Total in Perak Museum vee ve ase we «=: 99

REPORT ON A SAMPLE OF LEAD ORE FROM PAHANG.

. By L. WRAY.

N R. CECIL WRAY, the British Resident, Pahang, sent me a
i sample of galena, obtained from the alluvial in the Kuantan
District, for examination. The ore, which is in small waterworn
fragments, without any aduixture of vane, cume from Sungei Jumbu,
St.

Kuantan. The valley is rather small with low lulls on either side.
The karang or wash-dirt, whieh was being worked for tin, as the
miners approached the high ground on the north side of the valley,
held more and more galena, mixed with the tin oxide, and when the
toot of the hill was reached, the lead ore was found in masses. It
is reported to be the outcrop of a lode.

Lead occurs, associated with tin oxide, iron pyrites and copper
ores, in the Pahang Consolidated Company’s lode deposits at Sungei
Limbing, so that it is just pussible that lode tin ore may be discovered
at Sungei Jambu also.

Tarpinc, Perak,
25th October, 1907.

Sik,—I have the honour to inform you that I have assayed the
sample of alluvial galena, from Kuantan, that vou sent me some time
back, with the following results :

Lead... oat Les ... 78 per cent.
Silver ... on i .. Loz. 12 dwt. 6 grs. per ton

2. The galena is of good quality, as far as its lead eontents are
concerned ; for not only is the percentage high, but the metallic
button obtained was soft under the hammer and evidently free from
impurity.

3. The proportion vf silver is so small that it would not pay to
extract. Itis, in fact, the poorest galena I have ever assayed from the
Malay Peninsula.

I have, ete.,

L. WRAY,
Tup Britisn Resipenr, Director of Museums, FBS.
PAHANG.

REPORT ON THE MUSEUMS DEPARTMENT
FOR THE YEAR 1906.

PERAK STATE MUSEUM.

ae eee progress was made in all the departments during
4 the vear, the greatest additions being made to the ethnological
and economic sections. Pahang, Tringganu, Negri Sembilan, Selangor
and Malacca were visited, and large collections made in these States :
while the Singapore Agri-Horticultural Show yielded, as did the
previous one held in Kuala Lumpur, quite an extensive series of
specimens,
om)

2. The local ethnological room, certainly, now contains the most
complete Malayan colleetion im existence. It is still, of course, far
from perfect, but since the newer portion of the building was available
for the housing of it, very satisfactory progress has been made in
filling up the gaps which previously existed.

3. The economic section has now assumed, as it should in a
State like Perak, quite an important position. The room is not yet
finished, but a great deal has been done towards its completion, by
the collection of the necessary specimens, and in the year 1907 the
original intention will be nearly fulfilled. It is the only collection of
the kind which has been, so far, attempted in Malaya.

4. A point has now been reached in the history of the Museum,
when it again becomes necessary to consider the question of additional
space. The last enlargement, which was begun in 1900 and finished
by the end of 1903, is at present practically full, as is also the space
which was rendered available in the older portions of the building by
the rearrangement, of the collections, when the new galleries were
oceupied. Adequate space is also urgently required for the proper
accommodation of the library, herbarium and the study collections ;
and some provision should be made for a small reading room. An
inexpensive block, very similar to that last added, only 20 feet longer,
would meet the requirements of the case.

5. The Perak Museum was founded in Jannary of 1883, so that
the year under review is the 24th of its existence. The central
portion of the present building was begun in 1886, and it has been
added to from time to time as it became overcrowded. When con-
sidering the progress which has been made, and comparing it with
that of other institutions of a similar character and age, it should be.
remembered that the funds available for general expenses have been
very limited in extent, and that out of this small annual vote the
whole cost of the case building and fittings has had to be defrayed.

6. The registration and cataloguing of the contents of the
Museum was proceeded with, and 2,700 specimens were registered ;
846 of these being new accessions. Up to the end of the year, 13,000
cards had been used, exclusive of guides and subsidiary entries. It
was found necessary to obtain a second eight-drawer card-cabinet, as
the first had become congested. This should give sufficient accom-
modation for the next three or four years, at the present rate of
progress. Five hundred and eleven new labels were typed, poisoned
and mounted on cards. This work was much delayed in consequence
of changes in the clerical staff, neither of the new clerks knowing how
to use a typewriter at the time of appointment, and one being, up to
the end of the year, incapable of using the instrument. There are many
thousands of old and dirty labels which require replacing with new
ones, and thousands more of manuscript ones which should be typed,
86

7. The number of visitors continues to increase, vear by year, m
the most satisfactory manner. The total for the vear was 61,449,
bemg the greatest number ever recorded. It is also pleasant to be
able to report that there has been uo case of damage to the Museum
or to the exhibits, or of misbehaviour on the part of any of the many
persons who have visited the Institution.

8. The Curator, Mr. Knocker, was absent on leave from the Ist
of March to the end of the year. Mr. E. Keilich, the Taxidermist,
acted for the Curator, and Mr. Yong Fook, the Assistant Taxider-
mist, for the Taxidermist. There were three changes in the appoit-
ment of Caretaker and Clerk, and from having a man at the top of
Grade III, the present occupant is at the very bottom of that Grade.

9. In consequence of the fixing of the dollar at 2s. 4d., a saving
was effected on the estimates of 8715.15, from the salaries of Messrs.
Knocker and Keilich,

SELANGOR STATE MUSEUM.

10. The new Museum building was handed over by the Public
Works Department during the vear, and by the end of it the greater
part of the case building was finished. A portion of the painting,
vlazing and fitting remained to be done, and some of the cases in the
central hall were not completed. . The sum of 87,578.56 was expended
on cases, and the general effect of the galleries, considering the low
cost of construction, is by no means had.

11. The collections were removed from the old building to the
new. The old cases and fittings were sold and realised 8340.93.
The work of installing the specimens was begun and carried on, as far
as the state of the cases would allow.

12. Collecting proceeded throughout the year and many addi-
tions were made to all the departments. An Assistant Curator was
appointed and arrived in August. He has already made very con-
siderable progress in collecting and mounting various zoological
specimens, but it will necessarily be some vears before this portion of:
the collection is brought up to a satisfactory standard. In the early
part of the year, prior to his appointment, a good many birds and
manimals were sent to be mounted in England. Nearly the whole of
the old eollection of mammals will have to be discarded as soon as
better mounted examples of the various species can be proeured.

15, The wing set apart for the ethnological collection, although
this is strictly local in character, is already hecoming congested.

CENERAL.

14, One number of the “ Journal of the Federated Malay States
Museums ” was issued during the year, and the MS. for another was
87

sent to the Government Printer in December. Material for other
nnmbers was in hand, and the preparation of a gnide to the Perak
Musenm and the report on the Gunong Tahan Expedition, to-
gether with the illustrations for these two latter works, was far
advanced.

15. The birds and reptiles obtained during this expedition have
been worked out at the British Museum, and the Federated Malay
States share has been returned. These specimens will add many
novelties to both Musemms.

16. A considerable number of botanical specimens of economic
plants have been collected and sent to the herbarium of H.H. Prince
Roland Bonaparte. Including one consignment sent im December.
1905, 114 plants have been forwarded up to the end of 1906.

L. WRAY,
Director of Museums, FILS.

REPORT ON THE PERAK MUSEUM FOR THE YEAR 1906.

TRE BUILDING.

WING to the ravages of the white ants, the roof of the Laboratory
and Workshop had to be removed, and a new one built in its
place, the galvanized iron roofing tiles were used again. Two Dormer-
windows were at the same time built in the eastern side of the roof,
this has greatly improved the ight im the building. Before the old
roof was removed, a temporary atap roof was placed over the building,
thereby preventing the interior and the contents from being damaged
by rain.

The Museum was closed to the public for two days—the 26th and
27th of July—for a general cleaning, and all the wooden floorings were
washed, and afterwards dressed with earth oi] and kerosene.

CASES.

Nine shallow wall cases, size 3 ft. by 1 ft. 11 ins., were made and
fixed on the walls of the Economic Botany room, four of which
contain fibres, two native medicinal plants, one native drugs and two
specimen blocks of native woods. Twenty frames, size 125 ins. by
94 ins., were also made for showing mounted botanical specimens, and
there are 34 mounted specimens awaiting the completion of more
frames. Hight two-drawer cabinets, size of drawer 3 ft. by 1 ft. 9 ins.
by 4 ins. deep, have been made and fixed under one of the table cases
in the upper Ethnological room,
88

ZOOLOGY.

The following mammals and birds were added to this section ;

MAMMALS.

A Malayan Bear, female (Ursus malayanus) ;

A Burmese Civet, male (Virerra megaspila) ;

A Flying Lemur, male (Galeopithecus volans) ;

A Grey Agile Gibbon, female (Aylobates agilis) ;
Two Bats, male and female (AMegaderma spasma).

e

BIRDS. :

A Black Bittern, male (Dupetor flavicollis) ;

A Lesser Conceal, male (Centropus bengaleasis) ;

Three Young Concals (Centropus bengalensis) ;

A Crested Goshawk, female (Lophospizias trivirgatus) ;

A Burmese Peafowl, male (Pavo miticus) ;

Two Argus Pheasants, male and female (Argusianus arqus) ;
A White-breasted Kingfisher, female (Halcyon smyrnensis) :
A Malayan-pied Hornbill, male (Anthracoceros malayana) ;

A Malaccan Yellow-naped Woodpecker, male (Chrysophleqma
mealaccensis).

The alcohol in all the jars of the reptile collection was changed,
and the discoloured spirit was re-distilled in the Laboratory; alto-
gether over 40 vallons of clear alcohol passed through the still.

BOTANY.

About 66 specimens were mounted and added to the Herbarium,
some more additions weré made to the rubber exhibits, by the
Superintendent of the Government Plantations, Mr, T. W. Main.

A very fine collection of fibres, medicinal plants, essential oils,
ete., were given by the Manager of the Kamuning Estate, Mr. A. D.
Machado.

Seventeen plaster of Paris models of fruits—i.e., machangs,
mangoes and pisangs—were cast and coloured to nature for the fruit
collection.

Nineteen framed botanical specimens, a good many produce samples
in glass-topped tins and a series illustrating the newly discovered anti-
opium plant and its use were added to this section.

GEOLOGY,

Five very handsome specimens were presented to this department
by Mr. E. Gervais, of the French Tin Mining Company, Lahat ;
Mr. Cecil Wray contributed three specimens from Pahang, particulars
of which are given in the donation list; and a large number of
89

specimens have been transferred from the Selangor State Musenm.
Messrs. G. and C. E. Cumming gave specimens of tin ore, the former
from Salak South, Selangor, and the latter from a tin vein in granite,
showing polished surface of slickensides,

ETHNOLOGY,

Quite a large number of valuable specimens have been added to
this section, the result of some collecting trips made by the Director ot
Museums in Pahang, Tringeanu, Negri Sembilan and Malacea, and
a visit to the Agri-Horticultural Show, Singapore. The Curator,
Mr. F. W. Knocker, also obtained a few Sakai specimens in his trip to
Negri Sembilan in February.

Twelve papier-miché models were made from four iron implements
found in Selangor and Batang Padang. One set was presented to the
British Museum and another to the Selangor Museum. Plaster casts
of eight cannon balls, found in various places, were made and
coloured,

REGISTRATION AND CATALOGUING,

A new eight-drawer card-cabinet was obtained, and registration
and cataloguing has been carried on throughout the year in all the
sections of the Museum. The total number of things registered~
amounts to 2,700, the total number of cards written to date, exelusive
of guides, ete., is 13,000. The number of new accessions registered
during the year was 846. The number of cards added to the Library
Catalogue was 75, and 511 tickets were typed.

THE LIBRARY.

There were many additions to the Library by presentation, and the
additions by purchase are as follows :

“British Malaya,” by Sir Frank Swettenham ; ‘“ Museums Journal,”
Vol. 3 of 1903-4, Vol. 4 of 1904-5; “Journal of the Roval Asiatic
Society, Straits Branch” ; “ Philippine Journal of Science” ; “ Colonial
Office List”; “The Straits Directory”; ‘ Whitakers’ Almanac” for
1906; ‘“ Who’s Who” for 1906; “ Who's Who in the Far East” for
1906 ; “ Vocabulary of Malay Medical Terms,” by Dr. P. N. Gerrard ;
“Carchester: a Tale of West and East,” by a Pilgrim; the second
edition of the “Living Races of Mankind,” 2 Vols.; “Journal of
Indian Art and Industry,” Vol. X; Bland’s “ Historical Tomb-
stones of Malacca”; Giles’ “Religions of Ancient China”; ‘The
Life of Sir Andrew Clarke” ; ‘“‘ Chinese Porcelain,’ by W. G. Gulland ;
‘Pottery and Porcelain Marks,” by Hooper and Phillips; “ Elephant
and Seladang Hunting in Malaya,” by T. R. Hubback; “ Heroes of
Exile,” by Hugh Clifford.
90

LIST OF DONATIONS TO THE PERAK STATE MUSEUM LIBRARY
FOR 1906.

Bio.ogtcaL Socrrty oF Wasu-
Ineton, U.S.A.:
“Proceedings of the Biological
Society, Description ofa New
Species of Acordium from the
Philippines,” by Oakes Ames.

Eayptian GOVERNMENT ZOOLO-
GICAL GARDENS, Giza (per
the Director, Captain ae
S. Flower) :

“ Report of the Giza Zoolowical
Gardens for 1905.”

FEDERAL SECRETARY
‘“‘ Blood-sucking Flies, Ticks and
how to Collect Them” (by
E E. Austen).

GOVERNMENT PRINIER:
* Enactments, Pahang, 1905.”
Negri Sembilan,
1905.”
Selangor, 1905.”
_ Perak, 1905.”

Hosson, Mr. 8. G.:
“The Ball.”

Inpran Museum, Caucurta (per
the Trustees of the Indian
Museun) :

* Annual Report for 1904-1905.”
“Catalogue of the Indian
Decapod Crustacea in the

”

39

collection of the Indian
Museum,” Part III, Mac-
rura,

Kew Roya. Boranic GARDENS:

“ Bulletin of Miscellaneous In-
formation ” for 1906.

Sir

CoLONEL
K.C.1.E. :
“Materials for a Flora of the
Malayan Peninsula,’ Nos.
te end 18.

Kyoto ImperiaL University (per
the Secretary, Hajime Ishi-
kawa) :

“The Kyoto Tmperial Univer-
sity Calendar” for 1905-
1906,

Kine, GEORGE,

 

Lioyp, Mr. C. G.:

“ Bulletin of the Lloyds Library
Mycological Series,” No. 3.

“Index of the Mycological
Writings,” by C. G. Llovd,
Voi. 1, "1898-1905,

“ Mycological Notes,” by C. G.
Lloyd, Vol. 1, 1898-1905.
‘Mycological Notes,” by C. G.

Lloyd, May, 1905.
“My cological Notes,” by C. G.
Llovd, June, 1905.
“The Tylostomer,”
Hlovd.,

‘LOUISIANA PLANTER ”
Editor) :

Complete Issues for 1906.

MacGrecor, Mr. R. C.:

* Birds from Mindoro and small
adjacent Islands.”

“Notes on Three Rare Luzon
Birds.”

“A Hand List of the Birds of
the Philippine Islands.”

by C. G.

(per the

Mancuester Musrum (per the
Director, Dr. W. E. Hoyle) :

“Notes from the Manchester
Museum.”

“ Calendar of Lectures and Ad-
dvesses tor 1906-1907.”’

‘Manchester Museum Report

for 1906-1907.”
Montevipeo Museo Nacronan
(per the Director-General) :
« Anales del Museo Nacional de
Montevideo.”
Oraco University Museum:

“Curators Annual Report for
1905” (2 copies).

“PrraK Pioneer” (per the
Editor) :
Complete Issues for 1906.
Piymoutn Museum and ART

GALLERY (per the Curator,
Mr. FE. E. Lowe, ¥.5..s.):

«* Annual Report for 1905.”
m1

LIST OF DONATIONS TO TIPE PERAK STATE MUSEUM LIBRARY

FOR
RaFries Liprary AND Museum,

SINGAPORE :
“ Annnal Report for 1905.”

Roya, Conuonrat INSTITUTE:

“ Journal of the Royal Colonial
Tnstitute.”

“ Sessions, 1905-1906,” Nos. 1,
2,3, 4. 5, 6, 7 and 8.

* Sessions, 1906-1907,”+No. 1.

Sarawak Museum (per the Cura-
tor, Mr. J. Hewitt, B.a.):

‘Report of the
Museum for 1905.”

Scrivenor, Mr. J. B.:
« Fossils from Singapore,” by
R. Bullen Newton, F.a.s.

Sarawak

SECRETARY TO RESIDENT, PERAK :

 

© Aoricnltural Bulletin of the |

Straits and Federated Malay
States,” Vol. V, 1906.
‘Programme of the Presenta-
tion of Colours to the Malay
States Guides.”
‘“ Federated Malay States Civil
Service List” for 1906.
“ Bulletin of the Imperial Insti-
tute,’ Vol. IV, Nos. 1 and 2.
‘Scenery Preservation,’ the
. Government of New Zealand.

SrLanaor Museum (per the Cura-
tor, Mr. H. C. Robinson) :

“Catalogue of the Selangor
Government Librar y.

“The Annals and Magazine of
Natural History,” Vol. XV,
Nos. 86, 87, 86 90, 91, 92,
93 and 94.

 

1906—(cont.)

“SINGAPORE FREE Press”
the Editor) :

Complete Issue for the half of
year for 1906.

(per

SmitH, SENATOR THE Hownovr-
ABLE STANIFORTH

“Report on the Federated
Malay States and Java.”

SMITHSONION INSTITUTION,

U.S.A. :

‘ Builetin of the United States
National Museum,” Nos. 54:
and 50.

‘Annual Report of the Sniith-
sonion Institution,’ 1904.

“Proceedings of the United
States National Museum,”
Vol. XXVITI and XXIX.

“ Contributions from the United
States National Herba-
nium,” Vol. X, Parts ] and 2.

* Contributions from the United
States National Herba-
rnin,” Vol. XT,

“Times oF MALAYA”
Editor) :

Complete Daily and Weekly
Issues for 1906.

(per the

West Inpres, ImperraL DEpART-
MENT FOR ACRICULTURE
(per the Commission?r, Sir
Daniel Morris) :
“West Indian Bulletin
1906.”

for

LIST OF DONATIONS TO THE PERAK STATE MUSEUM FOR 1906.

Amat TASEH, PENGHULU:
Wooden Shoes for a Child from
Lower Perak.

Assistant COMMISSIONER
PouicEe, PAHANG:

OF

Buttons and Badges of Pahang
Police.

BaiLey, Inspector H.:
Three Samples of Scrap Para
rubber.
Barnarp, Mr. H. C.:

Malaccan Yellow-naped Wood-
pecker (Chrysophlegma ma-
laccensis), Taiping.
Q92

LIST OF DONATIONS

TO THE PERAK STATE

MUSEUM

FOR 1 906—(cont.)

Biren, Mr. E. W., c.mM.a.:
A Peacock.

Brrp, Mr. G. F.:
One Beetle (Cockchafer) from
KX. Kangsar.
Bourne, THE Rev. J. B.:

Three Female Kerringas from
Taiping.

Water from a Mineral Spring,
Ulu Bernam.

CAMPBELL, Mrs. J. W.:

Snake (Doliophus bivirgatus).

CaMpBELL, Mr. J. W.:
Two Caterpillars from Max-
well’s Hill.
Fruit of the Calabash (Cres-
ceutia cujete) from Kuala
Kangsar.

CHEAH KEE Er, Mr.:

Micaeceons Tron Oxide from
Tambun, Itinta.

CHoo CHEeenG Kuay, Mr.:

Botanical specimens of the
Anti-opium Plant (Combre-
tum sundiacuim) from Kuala
Lumpur.

Cuunan, Rasa:
Silver Cup.

CoMMANDANT, Manay STATES

GUIDES, THE:

Buttons and Badges of the
Malay States Guides.

Cumamine, Mr. C. E.:

Tin Vein in Granite, showing
polished surface of sheken-
sides.

Cummina, Mr. G.:

Tin Ore from Salak South,

Selangor.

Davipson, Mrs. :
Covered Jar of Siamese Ware,

Director oF Posts ano TELE-
GRAPHS, FEDERATED MALay
STATES:

Two l-cent Stamps (all green).
Two 3-cent Stamps (all brown).
‘Two 25-dolar Stamps.
| Two F.-size Registration En-
velopés.
‘Two G.-size % 7

| DisHMan, Mr. A.:

| Specimens of Vivianite from
Tanjong Malin.
Foster, Mr. R.:
Thirteen Copper Coins.

GERRARD, Dr. P.N.:

Elephant Beetle
gideon, Linn.)

Grasshopper from Pant Buntar.

Caterpillar ,. '

(Xylotrupes

Gervats, Mr. E.:

Fluor Spar, Arsenical Pyrites
and Tin Ore from Ayer Daun
Sang, Lahat.

Tin Ore in Limestone from
Lahat.

Calcite with Iron Pyrites, Lahat,

Tin Ore from Lahat.

Gow.Lanp, Inspector H. J.:

Chinese Apparatus for Inject-
ing Morphia.

Nine Counterfeit Dollars taken
in Taipmg.

One Counterfeit 55-Note taken
in Taiping.

One Counterfeit $10-Note taken
in Taiping.

Greic, Mr. G. E.:

Moth (Antheraea sp.), Kendong
Valley near Grit.

 

|
| Harprr, Master GREAME:
Beetle.

Hosson, Mr. 5S. G.:

| Skeleton of Glass Sponge
“Venus Flower Basket”
(Huplectella aspergillum).

 

 
LIST OF

DONATIONS TO THE

93

PERAK STATE MUSEUM

FOR 1906—(cont.)

Hopson, Mr. A. W.:

Argus Pheasant from Bruas.
Mantis from Penang Hill.
Scorpion from Bruas.

Hume, Mr. W. J. P.:

Hawk Moth (Alibia dolichus).
Pikat from Maxwell’s Hill.

IsmaiL, Hast:

Boyanese Basket.

Red Tron Oxide from Sungei
Siput.

Javanese Silver
Earrings.

Brooch and

Wemnicu, Mr. D.:
Hawk Moth (Calymnia pano-

pus).

Smaller Atlas Moth (Aftacus
cynthia).

Crested Goshawk (Lophospizias
trivirgatus).

Five White Aunt’s Nests.

Knicut, Mr. B. C.N.:

Snake (A deniophis intestinalis).

Knocker, Mr. F. W.:
Coloured Sleeping Mat.

Ler Yen Far, Mr.:

One Siamese Copper Coin.
Five Anam Copper Coins.
Four Cambedia Copper Ceins.
Two Silver Indo-Chine Fran-
caise Coins.
One $1 Indo-Chine Francaise
Bank Note.
Ten Indo-Chine Francaise Cop-
per Coins.
Six »
Two r

7? ”

3 ”

Macuapo, Mr. A. D.:
One Sample of Betel Nuts.

£ Copra (Sun-
dried).
. Cotton.

| Macuavo, Mr. A. D.—-(cont.)

One Sample of Silk Cotton.
Two Samples of Liberian Coffee.
- Pepper (Black
and White).
One Sample of Patchouli.
. Coconut Oil.
Collection of Fibres.
- Medicinal Plants.
» Essential Oils.

Mapven, Mr. L. J. B.:
Nightjar’s Ege.
Main, Mr. T. W.:

Glass Jar of Latex of Heveu
braziliensis.

Glass Jar of Seeds Pods of
Hevea braziliensis.

Specimens of Para Sheet
Rubber.
Specimens of Rambong Rub-
ber.
MastEer—Taitor, MAanay Srates
GUIDES:
Obsolete Turban and Cap
Badges of the Malay States
Guides.

Matsono, O Titsan :
Cale-Sinter from Hot Spring at
Nagasaki, Japan.
Model Japanese Clovs.

Meruopist Epirscopat Mission,
KtuaLa Lumpur:

Anti-opium Plant (Combretum
sundiacum) from Seremban,

| Moss, Mr. P.:

Smaller Atlas Moth (Attucus
cynthia).

Butterfly (Amathusia phidip-
pus) and other specimens.

Neuson, Mrs. P. J.:

Snake’ (Macrophisthodon flavi-
ceps).

 
LIST OF DONATIONS TO

9

4.

THI

PERAK STATE MUSEUM

FOR 1906—(cont.)

Nunsox, Mr. h.:

Columbite or antalite from

wutstralia.

Na Ann ‘uiyze, Mr.:

| SELANGOR STATE Musesum—

Malayan-pied Hornbill (An- |

thracoceros malayana).

Nicno.as, Mr. F. W.:

Large Spider.
Snake (Coluber radiatus).

SALISBURY, Mr. E. R.:

Flying Lemur
volans).

(Galcopithecus

Sayers, Mr. W.:

Siamese Mango.

SECRETARY TO Resiprent, PERAK;

Twelve framed Photographic
Views of Taiping.

SELANGOR ANTI-OPIUM SOcIETY,

Kuata Lumpur:

Specimens of the Aunti-opiun
Drug.

SELANGOR State Musuum:

Piece of Sandstone used for

filing teeth.

Damar Chingal.

Two Tambourines made in
Singapore by Tamils.

Old Chinese Plate.

Chinese Fighting Irons.

Small Chinese Fighting Irons.

Native Sulphur from Crater of
a Voleano,

Large Bamboo Flageolet from
Negri Sembilan.

Four Tobacco Pouches, nade
by Sakais under Enropean
supervision, Srem Batang
Padany.’

(cout.)
Pair of Rice Bags made by
Sakais, Batang Padang.
Bullets found in the Fort, Kuala
Selangor.

Two White Metal Buttons of
Selangor Pohee.

Two White Metal Buttons of
F.M.S. Pohee, Selangor.

Sapphires from Ceylon.

Verde Antique Marble from

San Bernardin Co., Cali-
forma.

Fibrous Gvypstun from Paris,
France.

Petrified Shells, Twigs, ete, by
deposit of Carbonate of

Line.
Gypsum trom France.
7” Paris, France.

Enermal Marble, Les Ecans-
sines, Belgique.

Selenite (Sulphite of Lime) San
Joaquin Co., California.
Two Stalactites from Cave,
Calaveras Co., California.
Skull of Simia Satyrus, Linn.,
the Orang Utan or Mias

from Borneo.
Skull of Babirusa (Babirusa
alfurus) from the Celibes.
Twenty-three Species Fossils
from Paris, Basi.

One Sterna dougalli.

One Cyanops ramsay?.

One Sterna melanauchen.

One Polioliinus cinereus.

One Alophoivus phaeocephalus,

One Aunthothreptes hypogram-
mica,

One Anuropsis malaccensis.

One Vurdinulus hamei.

One Rhipidura perlata.

Obsidian Bobs from Kuantan,
Pahang.

Mineral and Rock Speci-
Mens.
9

b

v

LIST OF DONATIONS TO THE PERAK STATE MUSEUM
FOR 1906—(cont.)

SuMNER, Mr. H.:

Two pairs of Brass Stirrups

from Pekan.

Sronry, Mr. Bb. O.:

Portrait of Siv Frank
han.

Swetten-

‘TayLon, Sir W. 'T., K.c

Seventeen Dutch Hast Indian

Comms of the Eighteenth
Century.

-M.G.:

You Kuay Bene, Mr.:

Tron Pyrites from Pulau Lang-
kawi,

Twiss, Mr. F. R.:
Cicada.

Upron, Mr. H. S.:
Paddle from Port Dickson.

VabpAMALIA THAMBY, Mnr.:

 

Lizard.

Waacner, Mr. C.:
One Cap Badge of the First
Perak Sikhs.
One Worked Badge of the First
Perak Sikhs.

Wray, Mr. Ceci:

Chert Rock from Benus, Ben-
tony, Pahang.

Carbonate of Lead from the Dutt
Development Co., Kelantan.

Amang containmy Monazite
from Sungei Lima, Ulu
Dong, Pahang.

Stanniferous Garnet Rock from
Trang, Pahane.

Wray, Mr. Leonarp., 1.5.0.:
Comb of Large Malay Bee.

Yona Foor, Mr.:

Lizard.
Four small Chinese Coins,

Youne, Mr. C.:

Grasshopper.

GHNERAL.

A gift of the following antmals—a male grey white-handed
Gibbon (Hylobates lar), collected by the Curator, Mr. Knocker, from
Sakais in the Ulu Plus; a male Leopard Cat (Felis bengalensis) ; and
also three Macaque Monkeys (Macacus fascteularis), an adult female
with young and a young male—-was made to the Zoological Society of
London. These animals were taken to England by Mr. Knocker and
urrived safely m the Society’s Gardens by the end of March.

VISITORS.
The number of visitors durmg the year has exceeded those of all
previous years. The figures for the last five years are as follows:

1902. 1903. 1904. 1905. 1908.
40,022 46,685 52,854: 55,103 61,449
This shows yearly increases of 6,063, 6,169, 2,249 and 6,546

respectively.
96

The following table gives the details of admission :

 

 

 

 

 

 

Mouth. Days | Maxi- Mini- | ‘owe | Daily
open. mM. JANN. | average,
rr,
January | Oe 418 131 5,593 233.04
February i 23) | 520 71 5,519 239.95
March ... & 264 246 | 110 4,405 166,22
April... i 2] 1,445 107 —,_~—s 5,800 252.38
i ve 26 343 100 =| 5,276 202.92
June... : 23 343 150 4,697 204.21
July ... vee 24 390 119 |) 4,221 175.87
August... a 25 500 90 | 4,45] 178.04
September... 25 TY 250 62 4,250 170.00
October | 87 2118 | Ga, 7,785 | B86
November o 240 | 8342 “9 4,889 203.70
December i 2 | 309 164 {| 5,123 222.73
| =
Mean... 24.29] 606.16) 104.33) 5,120.75) 211.26
a

 

As the total number recorded by the turnstile was 61,449, and the
number of days the Museum was open to the public was 2914, there
Was a nean daily average of 210.80 visitors. The greatest munber of
visitors for one month was 7,725, registered during October. The
largest daily number was 2,118, this oceurred on the 29th October,
the opening of the newly erected Tanda-i-Thapani Temple at the
Waterfall,

Other large daily attendances were recorded as shown below :
Hindu Festival, called Panguni Ootharam (7th April) ... 1,445
Chinese Festival, the 15th of the 8th moon (2nd October) 1,232
Hindu Festival, called Tai Pusum (8th February) oe
First day of Race Meeting (23rd August) .. 900

The Consul-General for Germany in the Straits and Federated
Malay States visited the Museum on the 19th of January; the Earl
and Countess of Curarvon, the Countess of Lanesborough, and
Mr. Kelway Bamber, the Cevlon Government Chemist, on the 5th of
February ; H.H. Tungku Mohamed, ¢.m.c., Yang di per Tuan of Negri
Sembilan, H.H. Suleiman bin Alnerhum Raja Musa, Sultan of
Selangor, the British Resident of Selangor, and the Resident-General
on the 12th of February; Professor Engler, Director of Botanical
Gardens, Berlin, on the 24th of February; Senator the Honourable
Stanniforth Smith, Commonwealth of Australia, on the 14th of March ;
H.S.H. Prince Heinrich Von Reuss on the 24th of Mareh; Mr. T.
Tanaka, the Acting Japanese Consul, on the 26th of March ; Mr. Suen
Jive Ting, the Chinese Consul-Gencral. on the 6th of October: Phya
OV

Sri Sababheb, Vice-Minister fur the Interior, Siam, and Mr. J. TP.
Westengard, Assistant Adviser, Siam, on the 27th of October: and
Their Royal Highnesses Prince George and Prince Conrad of Bavaria
and Baron Von Hacke on the 9th of December.

Some forty pupils from the Klan Pau Convent School paid a visit
on the 3rd February. 'The boys of Standards II and IIL of the King
Edward VII School, with Mr. Stainer, the Head-master, visited the
Museum on the 9th and 14th March, and again during the month of
May; Standard VIT boys visited the Museum on the 9th; Standard
IIT boys on the 16th; and Standard TV boys on the 31st.

STAFF,

Mr. Kunocker, the Curator. left ou- the Ist of March on 13 months’
leave.

Mr. E. Keilich, the Taxidermist, was appointed Acting Curator,
and Mr. Yong Fook, the Assistant Taxidermist, Acting Taxidermist.

~ Mr. N. Bappoo, the Clerk and Caretaker, was transferred from this
office on the 6th March to Tapah as Chief Clerk to the District Officer,
and was succeeded by Mr. E. B. Carlos, who resigned on the 51st
August. The post is now ocenpied by Mr. Ooi Khai Chong.

KINANCEAL.

The revenue collected amounted to 8146. A saving of 5884.11 was
effected on the estimates, exclusive of personal emoluments: In con-
sequence of the fixing of the dollar at 2s. 44.. there was a saving of
$378.65 on the compensation allowance. While there was a saving of
$336.50 on the Curator’s salary, this is also on account of the fixing of
the dollar, and 3117.75 on the Clerks’ sulanes ; altogether a sav ing was
effected on the establishments anounting to $832.90.

Ww. WKEITLICH,

Acting Curator,

REPORT ON THE SELANGOR STATE MUSEUM, 1906,

EXPENDITURE.

qs the vote of 36,439 for personal emoluments there was a saving
of .81,880.15, owing to the rise in exchange and to the non-

appouitiment of an Assistant Curator, as provided in the Estimates,
until August.

Dee, 1967,
0

Cp

2. Under other charges, annually recurrent expenditure. including
a supplementary sum of 3230. 33,830 was voted. which was spent as
follows :

(1) Collecting trips and transport ... i we $608.72
(2) Suasinagag . - we .. 02Rae
(5) Taxidermist’s outfit aaa eas) 451.29
(4) Preservatives, collecting and cleaning pin tel 325.89
(5) Mounting birds and mamuals... ar .. 179.64:
(6) Plates for «Museum Journal” i i 59.24
(7) Books and periodicals ... a 7 200.00
(8) Postage and petty cash Le i - 78.86
(9) Freight and insnrance charges... — .. 101.21
(10) Repairs and sundries... we _ .. Logie
(11) Bonus to collectors Le : >. .. 108.00
(12) Folding ladder and case figs a 113.11
(13) Uniforms 7 _ Lee * a 41.50

3. Including a supplementary provision of 3500, 8,225 was pro-
vided to complete the furnishing of the Museum, and by the end of
the vear this work had been almost completed, all the wall and table
cases for the two main galleries having heen finished and glazed,
while those for the central hall were well advanced.

The following charges were incurred on the vote:

(1) Labour .. wee _ i a we $2,375.76
(2) Plate i ins ; wee on we 2,287.15
(3) Painting and poneing oe > .. 1,432.40
(4) Metal work . Lee 491.16

(5) Freight and handling wale. i a 467.19
(6) Timber . . Lee wee ws ae 374,90
(7) Glass- ‘Spee sont Le ve vee Le 272.66
(8) Catalogue cabinet Lee wes we 137.29
(9) Office furniture om a = oe 90.50
(10) Tank in photographic room ... oa A 25.00

4. Three insect cabinets by a leading London maker were pur-
ehased and installed at a total cost of $892.49.

. The expenses of removal amounted to a sum of $165.02, on
at total estnnate of $500.

REVENCE.
The revenue realised from work done for private persons and sale

of surplus specimens ainounted to $142.18.

Under authority previously obtained $134.94, including a debit
balance from 1905, was expended on ethnographical specimens, leaving
a balance of 87.24 to the credit of the faud. The sale of unserviceable
cases in the old Museum realised a net sum of 3540.95.
a

VISITORS.
During the removat from the old Museum and the re-arrangemeut

of the collections in the new buildings the Mnseum was closed to the
public throughout the vear.

LIBRARY.

A considerable proportion of the available sinn of S200 was
devoted to binding, but one or two important books were purchased,
including Dr. Rudolf Martin’s monographic work on the Sakai and
Semang Tribes of the Malay Peninsula. As in previous years several
contributions have been received from the Trustees of the British
Musemn, the United States National Museum and the Department of
the Interior, Philippine Islands.

WACHANGES.

A few reptiles were received from the British Museum in exchange
for others, and a complete set of ‘“ Novitates Zoologice,” a valuable
publication containmg many unportant monographs, from the Hon.
Walter Rothschild, in return for some rare birds from the mountains
of Selangor.

PUBLICATIONS.

One nimnber of the “Journal of the Federated Malay States
Museums” was published during the vear while another was in the
press. The preparation of the illustrated report on the Gunong
Tahan Expedition was far advanced.

ADDITIONS.
I.— ZOOLOGICAL.

As in previous years the high mountains in the vicinity of the
Pahang boundary were visited with very satisfactory results, several
extremely rare species of birds having been obtained. In June ten
days were spent ou the island of Tioman and a large collection of small
mammals formed, including most of the varieties collected by the
American naturalist, Dr. Abbott, and several others in addition. This
collection, as well as other specimens from the adjacent islands of
Pemmangil, Aor and Tinggi, have been forwarded to the British
Museum and will be reported on in due course.

The Dyak Collectors also visited Rantan Panjang in the Selangor
low country jungle and Gunong Angsi in Negri Sembilan with
satisfactory results.

The Curator’s duties as Inspector of Fisheries enabled him to
visit several of the small islands in the Straits of Malacca, and several
interesting birds and animals were obtained on Pulau Jarak and the
Pulau Sembilan, and a large collection of over 200 skins was formed
100

by the Assistant Curator in Pulau Jemor. one of the Aroa Islands,
which includes several littoral birds hitherto unrepresented in the
collection. A visit to Batu on the Selangor coast in November
proved less snecessful.

The birds collected on Gunong 'Tahan in 1905 were returned
by the authorities of the British Museum after a representative set
had heen selected by them, and, as was anticipated, add several species
of extreme rarity to the local collection.

The following species are new to the coulleetion, those marked
with an asterisk being either new to science or hitherto unknown from
the Malay Peninsula :

* Sphenocercus korthalst | Pnoepyga lepida

* Sphenocercus robinsoni Erythrocichla bicolor

* Brachypteryx wrayi Cuculus poliocephalus

* Musecieapula malavana 7 saturatus
Siva malayana Hierococcyx sp.
Suva waterstradti Nycticorax nycticorax
Pyrrhula waterstradti Gorsachins melanolophus
Centropus rectnnguis Sterna melananchen
thinomyias pectoralis . dougalli
Pteruthins tahanensis . aneestheta

* Locustella lanceolata

 

IJ.—- ETHNOLOGICAL.

A large number of Chinese plates of varving degrees of merit
and antiquity were purchased, chiefly from Rembau and Sri Menanti,
us well as some good examples of Malay silver and several fine
weapons. As regards the southern portion of the Peninsula the
collections of the Museum are now so extensive that it is only
cecasionally that a really desirable specimen is offered for sale and
then at a priee that is usually prohibitive.

The collection of stone implements was further extended, and
several yery uncommon types obtained.

At the end of the vear a short expedition was made to the
wnountains of South Perak, and a representative collection made of
the possessions of the local Sakai tribes, inchiding sumpitans and
quivers, bamboo comb, bark cloth and other specimen of primitive
culture.

STAFF.
The work of the statf generally was satisfactory, though for jungle

work it has been found impossible to employ Malays. -

s

H. C. ROBINSON,

Curator.
ON MAMMALS COLLECTED BY Mr. H. C. ROBINSON
ON TIOMAN AND AOR ISLANDS, 8. CHINA SEA,

By OLDFIELD THOMAS, r.r.s.

HAVE been entrusted by Mr. H. C. Robinson, of the Knala
Lumpur Museum, with a number of mammals collected by him
during 1906 on certain of the smaller islands round the Malay
Peninsula. The majority were obtained on the islands of Tioman and
Aor, off the east coast of Johore; and in the present paper I confine
myself to these, as those from other localities are of little special

mportance.

The mammals of Tioman and Aor have hitherto only been known
from papers by Mr. G. S. Miller on the material collected by Dr. W. L.
Abbott, and now in the U.S. National Museum. In his first paper on
the subject * Mr. Miller gave a list of the species obtained on Tioman
in 1899, while the Aor ones and some additional Tioman species are
included in a later paper.t

Mr. Miller’s Tioman list is as follows:

Macaca “cynomolgus” (= { Sciurus tenuirostris
fascicularis) » tenuis
Tupaia sordida Mus stridens
Paradoxurus hermaphrodi-; —,__ tiomanicus
tus . » obscurus
Ratufa tiomanensis } | Tragulus rufulus

§ Mr. Robinson obtained all of these, with the exception of Sciwrus
tenuis, Mus stridens and M. obscurus, and, in addition, the following :

Pteropus hypomelanus lepi- Rhinosciurus robinsoni, sp. #.
dus _ Mus surifer

Galeopterus taylori, sp. n. Atherurus tionis, sp. 7.

Petaurista melanotus

* “Mammals collected by Dr. W. L. Abbott on Islands in the South China
Sea,” P. Wash. Acad. Sci. ii. pp. 203-246 (1900).

+t “Seventy new Malayan mammals,” Smiths. Mise. Coll. xlv. pp. 1-73 (1903).

{£ In the faunal list on p. 246 accidentally called tiomanicus.

§ Tioman was again visited in Sept., 1907, when Mus stridens, Scinrus tenvis,
and a form of Sciurus bilimitatus which may possibly prove distinct were obtained.
Several bats were also collected, amongst them being Chetromeles torquatus and
an Emballonura very close to E, peninsularis which is widely distributed
thronghout the Peninsula and adjacent islands. The only species from the
island which has not been seeured is Mus pullus, Miller, a synonym of Mus
obseurus, Miller, which is preocenpied in the genus. Dr. Abbott obtained a single
specimen of it. The “species” is very doubtfully distinct from the form of
M, concolor, Blyth, inhabiting the mainland.—H.C.R. ' :

Sept., 1908,
102

Of Dr. Abbott's Aor mammals no list was published, but all the
species obtained by Mr. Robinson have been deseribed in the second
paper above quoted.

With regard to the vexed question as to whether binomial or
trinomial names should be used for the various elosely allied races of
the same type, when isolated in islands, Iam strongly of opinion that
the balance of convenience is in favour of trinomials, at least in large
venera such as Scivrus and Mus, where binomials give no idea of the
relationship of the animals. In certain cases, however, where I am
morally convineed that a subspecifie rather than a speeific name is
advisable, and vet where I have not had the opportunity or material
to work out the group for myself, I have adopted the compromise of
inserting the parent name in brackets, and so indicating the alliance
of the animal dealt with.

MACACA PASCICULARIS, Rarr.

9298. Jnara Bay, Tioman.

PTEROVPUS HYPOMELANUS LEPIDUS, Mint.
g 280, 290 (yg.), 329. Jnara Bay, Tioman.

TI am informed by Dr. Andersen that this Fruit-bat, deseribed as
P. lepidus by Miller, should be considered as a local snhspecies of
the widely-spread P. hypomelenus.

“ Not uncommon on this island and on Pulo Aor, but not flying in
great flocks like P. rampyrus.”’—H. C. R.

GALEOPTERUS* AORIS, Mier.

6278; 2276, 277, 280. Pulo Aor.

These specimens are quite wniform in the size of their skulls and
teeth, and clffer markedly from the Tioman species. Two are in the
grev phase and two in an intermediate phase between grey and

rnfous.
GALEOPTERUS TAYLORI, sp. 7.

2281 (imm.).  Pulo Tioman, 13th June, 1906.  [3.M. No. 8. 1. 25. 3,
Pape.

“Very rare in this island.”

Size greater than in G. coris, abont equalling that of the mainland
species. Teeth very large.

Type in red phase. In colour and other external characters quite
like a specimen of G. tellonis, Lyon, in the red phase. Hands and
feet finely spotted with white.

Skull of the single specimen, although immature, already decidedly
larger than in @. coris, and almost equalling small examples of the
mainland species, to the size of which when full-grown it might hare

* Formerly Galeopithecus, See Thos. Ann. & Mag. Nat. Hist., March, 1908.,
p. 254.

o
103

attained. Teeth very large, much larger than in any of the northern
members of the group, and only equalled by those of the very. much
larger Javan species.

DIMENSIONS OF THE TYPE (immature), measured in flesh :
Head and body, 338 mm. ; tail, 179; hind foot, 49; ear, 16.

Skull: condylo-basal leneth, 66; basal length, 61.5; zygomatic
breadth, 42.8 ; interorbital breadth, 17; tip to tip of postorbita] pro-
cesses, 31.5; palatal length, 31; breadth of mesopterygoid fossa, 12.3 ;
length of upper tooth series, 35, of anterior maxillary tooth (p? ) 7.1,
of second ditto ( p*) 5.8, of p* and the three upper molars together
15, of p, 7.2, of p, 7.5; three lower molars together 12.1.

Hap. and Tyrk as above.

This species is characterised by the great proportionate size of its
teeth, which considerably exceed those of any of the geographically
neighbouring forms, and equal those of the much larger Javan animal.

At the suggestion of Mr. Robinson I have named this new Flying-
lemur in honour of Sir W. T. Taylor, k.c.m.c., Resident-General,
Federated Malay States, who rendered the exploration of these
islands possible by permitting the use of the Government yacht
“Meran” for the purpose.

TUPAIA SORDIDA, Mitr.
T. c. p. 231.

$321; 29320. Juara Bay, Tioman,

Topotypes.

PARADOXURUS HERMAPHRODITUS, PALL.
$297. Juara Bay, Tioman.

PETAURISTA MELANOTUS, GRay.
6294, 296; 9 295.. Juara Bay, Tioman.
These specimens differ considerably in the size of their skulls,

that of 294, being about as large as in examples from Malacca, while
295 is little longer than the small P. nitidula of the Natunas.

RATUFA (MELANOPEPLA) TIOMANENSIS, MILL,
P. Wash. Ac. ii. p. 180 (1900).
$288, 286, 287, 288, 289; 9284, 285. Juara Bay, Tioman,
Topotypes.

Several characters, external and cranial, are given by Mr. Miller
for the distinction of the Tioman Ratufa, but the only one which
this series confirms is the slightly shorter tail, and as his own
measurements completely intergrade, I should certainly consider
the animal as merely a subspecies of the mainland form.
104

SCIURUS (VITTATUS) TENUIROSTRIS, Mint.
P. Wash, Ac. ii. p. 221, fig. 18¢ (skull) (1900).
$307, 309, 310, 312, 313, 314, 315, 316, 318; 9308, 311, 317, 319. Juara
Bay, Pulo Tioman.
Evidently the commonest species in Tioman. It is a larger
form than the representative of the same group in Aor and Pemangil.

SCIURUS (VITTATUS) “AORIS,” Mixt.

Smiths. Mise. Coll. xlv. p. 10 (1908).

2301, 303; 9300, 302. Pulo Aor.

‘Topotypes.

Mr. Robinson also collected three Squirrels of this group on
Pemangil Island, elose to Aor, and these would represent Miller’s
S. pemangilensis, described just before S. aoris. I confess I fail
to see any difference between the specimens from the two islands,
though I provisionally use the name given to the Aor form.

RHEINOSCIURUS ROBINSONI, sp. x
J 340, 341, 343; 2 337, 338, 339, 342. Juara Bay, Pulo Tioman.

More allied to the Bornean FR. laticaudatus, M. & 8., than to the
Malayan R. tupaioides, Gray *; the tail-hairs broadly washed with
ochraceous. .

General colour above about as in B. tupaioides, paler than ina
specimen from N. Borneo, which I ee accept as RR. lati-
caudatus.

Centre of back blackish, rump more ochraceous, especially on sides,
the whole dorsal area less uniform than in laticaudatus. Flanks above
line of demarcation little suffused with buffy, while the belly itself, as
in laticaudatus, is buffy throughout, being more ochraceous buffy
posteriorly. Crown dark grizzled olive. Ears with an inconspicuous
light patch behind them. Limbs darkening terminally, becoming
blackish on the hands and hind toes as in RF. laticaudatus. Tail-hairs
black basally and subterminally, the second and terminal rings buffy
or ochraceous buffy, similar to each other, or the terminal ring even
darker than the subbasal; in the other species the ends are lighter
than the subbasal rings, buffy white mm /aticaudatus and nearly quite
white in tupatoides.

Skull with rather smaller bulle than in R. laticaudatus, jauch
smaller than in &. tupaioides.

 

* T qnote this name as of Gray and not Blyth, becanse I do not think that
the names in the former’s “ List of Mammalia,” 1843, cau be considered teehnieally
as nomina nuda in the eases where a characteristic English name was appended to
them. The plan of the book not ineluding descriptions in the usual sense, Gray
seems to have done his best to make up for them by applying names by which
the animals conld be identified, and no one conjd any more doubt as to the
identity of the ‘‘ Sharp-nosed Squirrel” (p. 195) than of those of the “ Blackish-
backed,” “ Ashy-headed,” or “Grey-thighed” species referred to on p. 143.
105

DIMENSIONS OF THE ‘TYPE:

Head and body, 199 mm. ; tail, 90; hind foot (s. u.), 37.

Skull: greatest length *, 53; basilar length, 43.5; zygomatic breadth,
25.5; nasals, 18.5 x 5.3; mterorbital breadth, 12; breadth of brain-case,
20.5; diastema, 15.5; length of bulla, 10; length of upper tooth-series,
11.8.

Typr.—Adult female. B.M. No. 8.1. 25.15. Original number 337.
Collected 7th June, 1906, by H. C. Robinson.

This Long-nosed Squirrel differs very markedly from the Malayan
Rhinosciurus, both in colour and skull-characters, and is clearly more
nearly allied to the Bornean representative of the genus. The Museum
had already received from Mr, Robinson a good example of BR. tupaioides,
collected by him in Pahang, and this shows well the white belly, buffy
flanks, and white-washed tail which distinguish that animal from the
insular forms.

IT have much pleasure in naming this distinct species in honour of
Mr. Robinson, its discoverer, to whom we are indebted for so much of
our knowledge of the mammalian fauna of the Malay Peninsula and
its islands.

MUS TIOMANICUS, Mrut.

6 380, 333; 93381, 332. Juara Bay, Tioman.

A member of the neglectus group.

MUS SURIFER, MiL1.
6 335, 386; 9334. Inara Bay, Pulo Tioman.

These specimens appear to be quite similar to those in the British
Museum, obtained by Mr. C. B. Kloss and mentioned in Mr. Bonhote’s
paper on his collection.

ATHERURUS TIONIS#, sp. x.

§ 324 (skull only), 325; 93823. Juara Bay, Tioman.

Similar to the mainland A. macrourus in colour and in the detailed
skull-characters which separate A. zygomaticus from that species, but
markedly smaller, with shorter tail, the skull less inflated, and smaller
throughout.

Skull lower and less inflated than in macrourus, but its shape
otherwise very similar. Nasals rather larger in proportion, their size
nearly equalling that found in the larger form. Molars smaller in all
dimensions.

 

* The type is rather a small speciinen; two other skulls measure 56 and 56.5
nin. in greatest length. ;

+ The middle syllable of Tioman being long, as in all other Malay naincs
thus making such a word as tiomanicus almost unpronounceable, I have permitted
myself the liberty of ubbreviating the name of the island,
106

DIMENSIONS OF THE Tyre (measured in flesh) :
Head and body, 516 mm.; tail, 176; hind foot (s. u.), 60; ear, 35.

Skull: upper length, 91; basilar length, 77.5; greatest breadth, 48 ;
nasals, 27x15; intertemporal breadth, 26; height of muzzle on
diastema, 18.5; height of crown above palate, 25; palatilar length, 39 ;
diastema, 28.5; length of upper tooth-series (crowns), 16.8.

Tyee.—Old male. B.M. No. 8. 1. 25.21. Original number 325.
Collected 13th June, 1906.

The specimen which I take as a characteristic example of the
peninsular macrourus agrees closely in its skull-measurements with the
one from Trong referred to by Miller in his description of A.
zygomaticus. Of its skull, the upper length is 100 mm., the height of
the muzzle 21, of the crown 29, and the length of the upper tooth-
series is 18 mm. It was obtained at Jalor by Messrs. Robinson and
Annandale.

This animal is clearly a small insular representative of A. macrourus,
and does not show the peculiarities that distinguish the Aor Island
form. '

ATHERURUS ZYGOMATICUS, MILL,

9 326, 327. Pulo Aor.

Topotypes.

These specimens quite agree with My. Miller’s description, both in

the peculiar character of the zygomata and in the dark colour of their
sides and bellies. i

Among the Eastern Atheruri in the British Museum I find
an example of this species which was purchased in 1881 from a dealer,
and was labelled in Japanese writing “ Fasciculated Porcupine—
native name Len pku koku—India.”

TRAGULUS RUFULUS, Mits.
8 291, 203, 828 (skull only); 2292. Inara Bay, ‘Tioman.

Topotypes.

“Very common. Caught in fall-traps baited with jackfruit.”-—
H.C. R.

These specimens differ from Mr. Miller’s description by having
their bellies more or less washed with fulvous, but appear to agree in
all other respects.

They also entirely agree in colour with the type of Gray’s Tragulus
stonleyanus, a species whose exact locality has, to my knowledge, never
been definitely determined; but their skulls are so far smaller
that they cannot be referred to it.

Probably T. stunleyanus will prove to occur on the mainland and

to hear much the same relation to T. rufulus that Atherurus macrourus
does to A. tionis.
107

[Extracted from the * Linnean Society's Journal” —Botany, vol. xxxviii., pp. 301-336,
June, 1908. }

ON A COLLECTION OF PLANTS MADE BY H. C. ROBIN-
SON AND L. WRAY FROM GUNONG TAHAN, PAHANG.

By H. N. RIDLEY, .a., F.RS., F.L.S., ASSISTED BY OTHER BoTANIsts,

[Read 5th December, 1907. ]

[. N 1905 the Trustees of the British Museum made a grant towards

the expenses of Mr. H. C. Robinson’s expedition to Gunong
Tahan in the Malay Peninsula, on condition that the whole collection
made by the expedition should be sent to the Natural History Museum
and that the first set should become the property of the Trustees. An
account of the expedition will shortly be published in the “ Journal of
the Federated Malay States Museums.” *

The plants, numbering about 250 specimens, were colleeted from
May to July, 1905, by Mr. Robinson and Mr. LL. Wray, Director of
Museums, Federated Malay States. As Mr. H. N. Ridley, who ts
specially interested in the botany of the Peninsula, was home on leave
during last year, I asked him to prepare an account of the collection.
He agreed, but having to return to Singapore early m January, left his
paper in an unfinished state ; with Mr. E. G. Baker’s assistance I have
compared it with the specimens in the study set at the British Museum,
annotated, and prepared it for the press. ‘The account of the Ferns
and Mosses is largely the work of Mr. A. Gepp, and that of the Fungi
and Lichens has been prepared by Miss A. Lorrain Smith.

(A. B. Runpuu.) |

THE mountain Gunong Tahan lies in the north of Pahang, on the
east coast of the Malay Peninsula, and was formerly believed to be by
far the highest mountain in the Peninsula. It proves, however, to be
by no means so lofty as was ut first supposed, being only 7,100 feet in
altitude.

Several attempts were made to explore this mountain on previous
occasions. The first of these was undertaken by the author of this
paper, accompanied by Mr. W. Davison, Curator of the Raffles Museum,
Singapore, and Lieut. Kelsall, r.u., in 1891. The position of the
mountain was then unknown, and owing to the limited time allowed,
the failure of the commissariat, the extremely unhealthy character of
the Tahan Valley, and the unsettled state of Pahang, then on the eve
of the rebellion which broke out the following year, the expedition
failed to reach its goal. A good collection of plants, however, was
made, an account of which was published in the “Transactions of this
Society,” ser. 2, iii. p. 267, and an itinerary of the trip in the “ Journal
of the Royal Asiatic Society,’ Straits Branch, vol. xxv. p. 33. This
expedition attempted to reach the mountain by travelling up the Pahang

 

* Vol. ur. (Feb., 1908).
108

River, then up the Tembeling and Tahan Rivers, which latter stream
is reported to spring from the base of the mountain.

Tn 1893 Mr. H. M. Becher again attempted to reach the mountain
by the same route, but perished ina spate of the Tahan River about
five miles above the point at which the first expedition stopped. A few
plants were added to the collections at Singapore Botanic Gardens by
the Gardens’ plant-collector, who accompanied Mr. Becher’s ill-fated
expedition.

In 1899 Myr. W. W. Skeat, who went with the Cambridge expedition
tv explore the north of the Peninsula, made a hasty trip to the mountain
from the north, and after much difficulty and risk reached it.

In 1901 Mr. John Waterstradt reached the mountain in a trip made
chiefly for the purpose of collecting birds. An account of his expedi-
tion was published in the “ Journal of the Roval Asiatie Society,”
Straits Branch, vol. xxxvn. (1902) pp. 1-27.

The collection of plants made by Messrs. Robinson and Wray is one
of considerable interest, and contains a uumber of remarkable addi-
tions to the knowledge of the Flora of the Malay Peninsula. It has
long been known that the floras of the east and west coasts are very
different, the eastern side showing a number of Australian and eastern
Asiatic types not met with on the western side, the flora of which
is more accessible and has been more thoroughly studied.

The greatest interest centres round the plants, the geographical
distribution of which is further extended. Two of these are specially
noteworthy—viz., Pentaphylax malayana, u. sp., and Gentiana mala-
yana: the former is the second representative of a Chinese monotypic
venus of Ternstreemiacee previously known only from Hongkong; the
latter is closely allied to a Bornean species occurring on Mt. Kinabalu
and to a Javan species.

A curious new genus of Melastomaces allied to Dissochetu, which
I have called Ovitrephes, is also an important addition. The genus
Xyris is represented in the Peninsula by several sea-shore species, but
is seldom met with inland or at any altitude; it is absent, so far as is
known, from the Perak Hills and Mount Ophir, but one species,
X. Ridleyi, was found by me on Kedah Peak at about 3,000 feet eleva-
tion. Two species occur on Gunong Tahan, one identical with that
from Kedah Peak, the other, X. grandis, u.sp., perhaps the largest
species of the genus, conspicuous from its stiff sword-like leaves resem-
bling those of Cladium Muingayt, C. B. Clarke, of Mount Ophir.

There are, as usual in such collections, several species of Didymo-
carpus, including two new to science, aud a number of Orchids, a good
proportion of which are also new.

Among the previously described plants it is interesting to find
several of those known only from Father Scortechini’s collections and
distributed without any specific locality. It is probable that as they
109

have not been met with on the western slopes of the Perak Hills,
Seortechini must have collected them on the eastern watershed of the
main range. Such are Gordonia imbricata, King, Polyosma coriacea,
King, and Calophyllum venustum, King.

SPERMATOPHYTA.
DICOTYLEDONES.
POLYPETAL.
DILLENIACEX.
ACROTKEMA cosratuM, Jack, in Mal. Mise. 1. (1820) No. v. 36
(p. 803). *
Kuala Teku, 500-1,000 ft. (5536.)

Distrib— Common in most hill regions of the Straits Settlements
at that altitude and occasionally at lower elevations.

POLYGALACEE,

POLYGALA MONTICOLA, w. sp. (p. 303).

Frutex circa bipedalis, basi nuda hgnosa, superne haud ramosa.
Foha 3-4 poll. longa, 14 poll. lata, lanceolata utrinque acuminata,
petiolata, glabra aut raro pilis translucentibus parce munita,
nervis primariis ad 8 paria, petiolo $ poll. longo. Racemus
subterminalis strictus erectus densus. Flores albi, carinis roseis,
¢ poll. longis; pedicellis brevissimis. Scpala externa ovata

rotundata pubescentia. Petala oblonga, carina cristata. Capsula

immatura reniformis biloba ferme } poll. in diametro.

Gunong Tahan, 5,000-6,000 ft. A small shrub; flowers white;
column edged with yellow, pinkish above; sepals edged with
purple. (5456.) At 4,000-5,000 ft.; about 2 feet high. Flower
white when first opened, afterwards turning pink; leaf-stalks
tinted piuk. (5384).

Forma masor, foliis 6 poll. longis, 2 poll. latis, glabris, petiolis
pollicaribus ; racenio 9 poll. longo.

Flowers tipped rose-red, calyx and flower-stalks white; mid-ribs of
leaves tinted with red. At 5,000 ft. (5333.)

Though this has been several times collected in the mountains of
the Malay Peninsula by different collectors, it seems to have
been confused with P. venenosa, Juss. Its smaller flowers on
very short pedicels, as well as its dwarf stem and dense erect
raceme, make it very distinct from the great spreading half-
shrub which is common in the lower damp forests; and it is
difficult to see how it could be considered a variety of P. venenosa,
which is really much less variable than would appear from the
nwnber of varieties of it recorded.

 

~ * To facilitate citation the original pagination is quoted in italics after each
species. Ed
10

PITTOSPOREM,

Pirrospoxum, sp. A small tree 10-15 feet high, with light-coloured
boughs and opposite subcoriaceous lanceolate leaves glaborus
with impressed nerves above, strongly reticulate above and
beneath, petioles pubescent. Fruit solitary, oval, ; inch long,
on a slender peduncle 13 inch Jong.

Gunong Tahan, 5,000-6,000 ft. (5444.)

Too incomplete to describe, but I cannot identify it with any
Asiatic species. The only species hithertu recorded from the
Peninswa is Pittosporum ferrugineuim, Dryand.

GUTTIFER.E.
CALOPHYLLUM SPECTABILE, Willd., in Ges. Naturf. I’'r. Berl. Mag. v.
(1811) 80 (p. 304).
In fruit, Gunong Tahan, 3,300 ft. A inedium-sized tree 50-60 feet
high. (534-+4.)
Distrib—A common and widely dispersed species, occurring from
the Andamans eastward to the Society Islands.
C. venustuM, King, in Journ. As. Sov. Beng. lix. (1890) 180 (p. 304).
Gunong Tahan, 4,000-5,000 ft. A small tree with white flowers
(5340, 5395.)
Distrib.Perak. Only once previously collected.

< TERNSTREEMIACEE,
ANNESLEA CRASSIPES, Hook. cx Choisy, in Mém. Soc. Phys. Gen. xiv.
(1855) 129 (p. 804).

Gunong Tahan, 3,300 ft. A small tree; calyx bright red. (5322.)

Distrib.—Found also on Mt. Ophir, and Gunong Batu Puteh and
other mountains of Perak; also Philippine Is.

ADINANDRA VILLOSA, Choisy, 1. c. 12 (p. 304).

Gunong Tahan, 5,000-5,500 ft. Tree 30-40 feet high ; flowers white.
(5517.)

Distrib—Tavoy and Perak at high elevations.

AA. ANGULATA, 2. 8p).

Arbor 40-50-pedalis, ramis compressis, ramulis complauatis angulatis
validis, alabastris parce sericeis. Folia clliptica obtuse acuminata
coriacea, 4-7 poll. longa, 2-4 poll. lata, siccitate flavescentia, nervis
wd 20 paria couspicue reticulatis, petiolo 3 poll. longo crasso.
Flores nou visi. Bracter 2 parve ovate. Sepala ovata rotundata
crassa glabra, + poll. longa. Ovarium globosum } poll. longum,
stylo equilongo coronatum. Fructus in pedicello 3 poll. longo,
superne icrassato.

Gunong Tahan, 5,000-5,500 ft. (5518.) A very remarkable species,
with the foliage of one of the large Garcinias, and quadrate stems
with a narrow wing running along each edge. The very large
fruits are in pairs,
ai

TERNSTR@MIA JAPONICA, Thunb., in Trans. Linn. Soc. 11. (1794) 335
(p. 804).

Gunong Tahan, 3,300 ft. Bush; flowers white; leaves pale green
beneath. (5328.) 5,000-6,000 ft. Shrub 2-3 feet high; flowers
greenish white; anthers brown. (5501.)

Distrib.An addition to the Flora of the Malay Peninsula. Tern-
stremia juponica taken in a large sense is a widely spread species
in Eastern Asia, and as T. aneura, Miq. (the type of which
these specimens closely resemble), occurs in Banka.

GorRDONIA ImBRicara, King, in Journ. As. Soc. Beng. lix. (1890) 204
(p. 305).

Gunong Tahan, 6,000 ft. A small tree; the flower cream-colour,
# inch across. (5496 and 5406.)

Distrib.—A rare plant, only collected ounce in Perak by Scortechini.

ScHIMA NoRONHE, Reinw. ex Blume, Biyjdr. 130.

Gunong Tahan, 5,000-5,500 ft. A small tree 20-25 feet high, or
a shrub 4-6 feet high; flower white, stamens yellow. (5508,
5029.)

Distrib—Counnon and variable at high altitudes, occurring also in
Burma and the Malay Archipelago.

P#NTAPHYLAX MALAYANA, u. sp. (py. 305).

Frutex vel arbor parva, rauis uigris. Folia coriacea glabra ovata
obtusa, basi rotundata, nervis incouspicuis, 2 poll. longa, 1 poll.
lata, siccitate flavescentia. Spicee 1 poll. longee dense. Bracteze
ovate 4, marginibus ciliatis. Sepala ovata rotundata ciliata.
Petala linearia oblonga retusa alba. Stamima quam petala bre-
viora, filamentis oblongis, apicibus acunuinatis. Stylus cylindricus
brevis; stigma planum brevissime 5-lobum. Capsula_breviter
pedivellata, + poll. longa. Semina linearia curva, 2 in quoque
loculo.

Gunong Tahan, 3,300-5,000 ft. Bush with white flowers. (5825,
5339, 5405.)

_ A very fine addition to the Flora of the Malay Peninsula, the only
other known species, P. ewryoides, Gardn. & Champ., being a
native of Hongkong. Specimens of obviously the same species
were some years ago brought by Mr. Barnes from K’luang Terbang
in Pahang (Journ. Roy. As. Sov., Straits Branch, xxxix. (1903)
1-18). These specimens were in fruit, and the description of the
fruit is taken from them. P. malayane differs from P. exryoides
in its smaller, more thickly coriaceous, blunt leaves, and its shorter
and thicker flower-spikes,

TILIACEA.,
ELA OCARPUS MONTICOLA, 1. sp. (p. 305).

Frutex foliis ovato-lanceolatis integris glabris coriaceis, 3 poll.

longis, 2 poll. latis, nervorum 6 paribus, petiolis pollicaribus
the

Racemi breviusculi, 2 poll. longi, foliis breviores. Flores parvi
dissiti pedicellati, } poll. longi. Sepala 4 ovata pubescentia
roseo-brunnea. Petala vix longiora quam sepala, oblonga, fin1-
briata, viridescenti-alba, pubescentia. Stamina 12, filamentis
brevibus, antheris linearibus, sine barbis seu aristis. Ovarium
globosum, stylo brevius. Torus crassus undulatus. Drupa glo-
bosa, plus quam 3 poll. longa, rugosa.

Gunone Tahan, 5,000-5,500 ft. Shrub 10-12 feet high. Sepals
pinkish brown; petals greenish white. (5523.)

Near Eleevcarpus panctatus, King, in Journ. As. Soc. Beng. Ix. 11.
(1891) 139 (Malay Penmsula, Java, and Sumatra), but differs in
the more fimbriate petals, longer style, and entire leaves. The
fruit is very different from that of FL. punctatus and resembles that
of E. parvifolius, Wall.

RUTACELE,
EvoDIA SIMPLICIFOLIA, 1. sp. (p. 306).

Frutex 7-pedalis ramosus. Folia opposita elliptica obtusa, basi sub-
cuneata vel rotundata, coriacea integra, nervis primaris sepe 16,
nervulis reticulatis, 3-34 poll. longa, 1} poll. lata, siccitate pallida,
petiolis 3 poll. longis. Panicule petiolo vix longiores in axillis
foliorum summorum disposite. Flores non visi. Capsule 4-lo-
bate 3 poll. late rugose glabree.

_Gunong Tahan, 5,000-6,000 ft. A shrub 7 feet high. In fruit
(5492.)

. Much resembles E. puchyphylla, King, a native of Perak, but is very
distinct in its simple unifoliolate leaves and glabrous capsules.

CELASTRACES.
SALACIA PERAKENSIS, King, in Journ. As. Soc. Beny. Ixv. ii. (1896) 364,
e descript (p. 306).

Gunong Tahan, 5,000 ft. A small tree; flowers dull red. (63382.)
I have seen no authentic specimen.

Distrib.— Originally collected in Perak by Scortechini, who gave
no exact locality.

ROSACEA,
PuHoTINia busta, Lindl., in Trans. Linn. Soc. xiii. (1821) 104, t. 10
(p. 306).

Gunong Tahan, 5,000-6,000 ft. Small shrub 8-15 feet high; fruit
brownish red, (5486.)

Not recorded in the “Flora of the Malayan Peninsula”; it was
collected by Griffith at Bukit China, a low hill close to Malacca, and
by myself on rocks by the river in the Dindings, where it is a low
straggling bush.

Distrib.—North India.
113

Pyrvus aranutosa, Bertol., in Mem. Accad. Se. Bologn., ser. 2, iv,
(1864) 312 (p. 306).
Gunong Tahan, 5,000-5,500 ft. Tree 15-25 feet. (5520.)

Distrib. —Khasia, Burma, and Sumatra.

SAXIFRAGACEE,
Weinmannia Buvmet, Planch., in Hook. Lond. Journ. Bot. vi. (1847)
470 (p. 306).
Gunong Tahan. Tree; flowers red; leaves green, stalks red.
(5319.)
Distrib.—Higher mountains of the Peninsula.

Poutyosma coriackA, King, in Journ. As. Soc. Beng. Ixvi. 11. (1897) 300
(p. 807).
Gunong Tahan, 4,000-5,000 ft. Bush; flowers white. (5888.) A
small tree 20-30 feet high; flowers yellowish-white. (5493.)

Distrib.— Perak and Kedah Peak.

P. LETE-VIRENS, Griff. ex King, 1. ¢. 303.
Small tree at 5,000-6,000 ft. (5462.)
Distrib. Malay Peninsula.

HAMAMELIDE.Y,

Ruwopouera TeEysmManni, Miq., in Versl. en Med. K. Akad. Wetensch. vi.
(1857) 123 (p. 807).
Guuong Tahan, 5,000-6,000 ft. Large shrub 10 feet high, or tree 18
inches in diameter; flower rosy pink. (5482, 5506.)

Distrib.—Hill-ranges of Malay Peninsula and in Sumatra.

RHIZOPHORES.
CARALLIA EUGENOIDEA, King, in Journ. As. Soc. Beng. Ixvi. 11. (1897)
320 (p. 307).
Gunong Tahan, 3,300 ft. Small tree.
Distrib.—Perak. Hitherto only known from Scortechini’s collec-

tion.
MYRTACE®.

Ba&ckera Froutescens, Linn. Sp. Pl. 358 ( p. 307).
Gunong Tahan, 3,300 ft. (5311.)
Distrib— Common on all hills at this elevation; also Malay
Archipelago.
LEPTOSPERMUM FLAVESCENS, Sim., var. COMMUNE, Benth., Fl. Austral.
iii, 104 (p. 307).
Gunong Tahan, 4,000-5,000 ft., on ridges. Trunk up to 2 feet in
diameter, but short and twisted. (5409.)

Distrib—Common on the hills at this elevation in the Malay
Peninsula, and throughout the Archipelago to Australia.
114

Rropamyta TRINERVIA, Blume, Mus. Bot. Luyd.-Bat. i. 09 (p. 807).

Gunong Tahan, 5,000-6,000 ft. (5500.) A mountain form with
coriaceous ovate acuminate leaves, densely white woolly beneath,
less so above, but with silky white pubescence on the upper face
and pubescent fruit.

Distvib..—Malayan Archipelago and Philippines to Anstralia ; Burma.
EUGENIA PAHANGENSIS, 7. sp. ( p. 307’).

Arbor 20-pedalis cortice albescente. Folia coriacea crassa elliptica
petiolata obtusa, costa snperne depressa subtus elevata, nervis
plurimis gracilibus subparallelis, 3-4 poll. longa, 2 poll. lata.
Panicula brevis terminalis densiflora, 2 poll. longa, ramis paucis
crassis angulatis. Flores flavescentes parvi congesti sessiles vix
1 poll. longi. Sepala brevissima crassa, triangularia acuta. Petala
parva caduca orbicularia. Stamina brevinsenla. Ovarium ob-
conicum anguatum.

Gunong Tahan, 5,000-6,000 ft. Small tree 20 feet high ; flowers pale
yellowish. (5454.)

Belongs to the same group as Eugenia subdecussata, Duth., but is
very distinct in its foliage.

EUGENIA VIRIDESCENS, n. sp. (p. 308).

Frutex. Folia coriacea sessilia glabra obovata, apicibus late rotun-
datis vix apiculatis, versus basin angustata, basibus subretusis,
21-3 poll. longa, 14 poll. lata, nervis copiosis tenuibus approxi-
matis, costa crassiuscula. Panicule quam folia breviores, ter-
minales, 2 poll. longe, pedunculis brevibus ramulis validulis.
Flores inter minores, } poll. longa. Calyx campanulatus, margine
subintegro undulato. Petala 4 calyptram formantia rotundata.
Stamina brevia, calycem paullo superantia.

Gunong Tahan, 5,000 ft. A bush; flowers pale green, leaves and
young wood tinged with purple. (5338.)

Allied to E. subdecussata, Duth., but differs in the form of the
leaves, which narrow towards the base and end in a truncate
retuse manner. They are less stiff than those of subdecussata,
drying of a yellowish colour, and the margins curling back. The
nervation is very fine and close and hardly distinguishable.

MELASTOMACEX.
MELASTOMA MALABATHRICUM, Linn., Sp. Pl. 559 (p. 808).
. Gunong Tahan, 5,000-5,500 ft. Flower pimkish. (5514.)

A very large-flowered form of this variable species, the petals being
nearly as large as those of M. decemfidum, Roxh., but otherwise
there is very little difference between this and typical Af. malaba-
thricum of the plains.

Distrib.— India to China and North Australia.
115

SONERILA HETEROSTEMONA, Naud., in Ann. Sci. Nat. sév. 3, xv. (1851)
326 (p. 808).

Kuala Teku, 800-1,000 ft. (5538.)

Distrib.—Common in the woods of the plains. Malay Peninsula,
Sumatra to Borneo,

S. surrruricosa, Stapf & King, in Journ. As. Soc. Beng. lxix. 11. (1900)
29.
Gunong Tahan, 3,300 ft. Flowers white or tinted with pink; leaves

dull green with white hairs, beneath crimson with white hairs.
(5315, 5347.)

Distrib.— Perak, Gunong Bubu (previously collected by Wray).

S. pARADOXA, Naud., 1. c. 321.

Gunong Tahan, 3,500 ft. Leaves bright green with metallic blue
lights, beneath crimson, hairs on both sides crimson; flowers
pale pink. (5362.) The very hairy form common at higher
elevations.

Distrib.—Penanyg.
ANERINCLEISTUS FRUTICOSUS, n. sp. (p. 309).

Suffrutex multi-ramosus, cortice fusco. Folia subcoriacea lanceo-
lata acuminata glabra, 1-3 poll. longa } poll. lata, subtus glauca,
apicibus obtusis, basibus acuminatis. Flores solitarii vel 3-4 um-
bellati, pedunculo } poll. longo. Calycis tubus vix dilatus glaber.
Sepala subulata acuminata glabra, } poll. longa. Petala 4, rosea
lanceolata acuminata ferme subulata. Stamina 8, antheris elonga-
tis ¢ poll. longis ineequalibus, basi obscure emarginatis, nec appen-
diculatis, antheris sterilibus rubris. Capsula obconica 2 poll,
longa } poll. lata.

Gunong Tahan, 5,000-6,000 ft. Small shrub; flower pale pink ;
anthers pale yellow. (5453.)

Allied to A. macranthus, King, but more glabrous with smaller
leaves and more woody.

ORITREPHES, 2. gen.

Frutex ; foliis oppositis ellipticis acuminatis, basi cuneatis, triner-
viis. Panicula terminalis pauciflora, floribus majusculis. Calyx
leprosus obconicus, apice constricto, Jobis 4 hrevibus connatis,
dentiformibus. Petala 4 obovata unguiculata alba. Stamina 8,
eequalia, similia, antheris elongatis versus apices attenuatis, poro
terminali, basibus breviter hastatis, appendicibus et setis nullis,
dorso processu parvo circulari onustis. Stylus longus, stigmate
punctiformi. Ovariun 4-loculatum ellipticum, ferme ad basin
tubi calycis liberum, vertice depresso-concavum. Fructus bac-
catus. Semina plura, placentis axillaribus suffulta; adhuc im-
matura,
116

O. PULCHRA, 7. sp.

Frutex ramosus ; foliis superne glabris inferne rufescenti-lepidotis,
nervis tomento rufo teetis, primariis tribus subtus elevatis, seeun-
dariis horizontalibus circa 26 paribus, 2-5 poll. longis, 1-2 poll.
latis, petiolo pollicari. Pedunculus 3 poll. ereetus, glaber. Flores
4-6, Calyx in. pedicello equilongo, } poll. longus, lobis brevibus
connatis. Petala obovata retusa unguiculata, alba roseo-tincta.
Stamina petals gequilonga, filamentis pubescentibus, antheris
flavis. Fructus leprosus immaturus $ poll. longus.

Gunong Tahan, 5,000-5,500 ft. Petals white tipped with pink.
(5509.)

Closely allied to Dissocheta and Anplectrum. Remarkable for its
8 similar stamens without hairs or appendages.

MEDINILLA CLARKE, King, in Jowrn. As. Soc. Beng. lxix. 11. (1900) 63
( p. 809).
Gunong Tahan, 3,300 ft. Small-sized tree. (5312.)

Distrib —Malay Peninsula.

MEDINILLA PAHANGENSIS, 7. sp. (p. 810).
Frutex epiphyticus, cortice albo verrucoso. Folia verticillata lanceo-
lata subobtusa vel oblanceolata, basi angustata, coriacea enervia,
2 poll. longa $ poll. lata, petiolo } poll. Flores in eymis 1 poll.
longis, pentameri, albi, $ poll. longi. Calyx cupuliformis, granu-
latus, obseure 5-dentatus. Petala obovata rotundata. Stamina
10, filamentis sinuatis glabris, antheris equilongis ¢urvis, processi-
bus 2 anticis ad basin corniformibus, wnoque dorsal.
Gunong Tahan, 4,000-5,000 ft. Growing on trees; flowers white.
(5396.)
In general appearance resembles M. Hasseltii, Blume, but is pen-
tamerous.
PACHYCENTRIA TUBERCULATA, Korth., Ver. Nat. Gesch. Bot. 246, t. 63
(p. 310).
Gunong Tahan, on trees at 3,300 ft. Flowers white, each petal
tinted rosered at the base; flower-stalks, fruit, and mid-ribs of
leaves beneath coral-red. (5237.)

Distrib—Malay Peninsula, Burma, Borneo. Common at all alti-
tudes.

MEMECYLON GARCINIOIDES, Blume, Mus. Bot. Lugd.- Bat. i. 358 (p. 810).
Gunong Tahan, 3,300 ft. Flowers white: anthers violet. (5352.)
Distrib.—Borneo and Sumatra.

M. Marneayi, C. B. Clarke, in Hook. fil. Fl. Brit. Ind. ii. 557.
Gunong Tahan, 5,000-6,000 ft. Creeper ; fruit chrome-yellow.

(5457.)
Distrib,h— Malay Peninsula.
Lv?

BEGONIACE.A,
Breonta sinuara, Wall., List, No. 3680 (p. 310).

Kuala Teku, 500-1,000 ft. Flowers pale pink ; stamens chrome-
yellow ; stalks purplish pink, leaves beneath reddish purple.
(5539.)

Distrib-—~Burma, Malay Peninsula.

B. Herveyana, King, in Journ. As. Soc. Beny. xxi. 11, (1902) 63.

Kuala Teku, 500-1,000 ft. (5546.)

Distrib.—Malacea.

GAMOPETALZ.
RUBIACEM,
ARGOSTEMMA MUSCICOLA, 2. sp. (p. 310).

Herba parva erecta vel suberecta, hispidula, 2 poll. alta. Folia
equalia anguste lanceolata acuta basi cuneata herbacea, glabra,
nervis tribus et marginali pilis albescentibus munitis exceptis,
1-13 poll, longa, 3 poll. lata ; petiolo brevi. Flores 1-2 terminales
pedunculati, albi, inter majores generis, } poll. lati. Bractewz
lanceolate, et cum pedicellis hirsute. Sepala lanceolata acuta.
Petala lanceolata acuta.

Gunong Tahan, 5,000-6,000 ft. Small herb on mossy rocks by
streams. (5461.)

The number of Argostemmas in the Peninsula is large and increases
with every mountain explored, as in the case of Soneri/a. This
little erect species belongs to the set with equal leaves, but has
somewhat the habit of A. involucratum, Hemsl.

ARGOSTEMMA ALBOCILIATUM, n. sp. (p. 311).
Herba reptans, gracilis, hispida, 3-7 poll. longa. Folia sequalia

ovata apicibus subacutis vel rotundatis, breviter petiolata, dense

hispida, 3 ad poll. longa, }-3 poll. lata. Stipule breves ovate.

Flores 1-4 in pedunculo gracili hispido, 2 poll. longo. Bractex
minute lanceolate lineares. Calyx hispidus, lobis brevibus his-
pidis. Petala lanceolata acuminata, hispidula, } poll. longa.

Gunong Tahan, 3,300 ft. Flowers white; leaves pale green, covered
with white hairs. (5229.)
A curious creeping species with ovate hairy leaves.
A. Yappeu, King, in Journ. As. Soc. Beng. xxii. 11. (1903) 145.

Gunorg Tahan, 5,000-6,000 ft. Flowers white; anthers yellow.
(5491.)

Distrib.— Perak.
A. Hooxert,, King, l. c. 45. ©

. Gunong Tahan, 3,300 ft. Leaves dark green, with broad irregular
stripe of light silvery green in centre. (5376.)

Distrib. Malay Peninsula. .Frequent on the hills, °

Sept,, 1908,
11s

A. prctum, Wall., in Roxb. Fl. Ind. ed. Carey & Wall. ii. 327.
Kuala Teku, 500-1,000 ft. Flowers white. (5543.)
Distvib.—Malay Peninsula. Common in hill-forests.

OpHiorruIzA Muncos, Linn., Sp. P1150 (p. 811).
KKuala Teku, 500-1,000 ft. (5534.)

Distrib.—India, Malaya. <A variable species common all over the
Peninsula.

HeEpyYoTIs vaTENs, n. sp. (p. 311).

Frutex parvus subrepens ramosus. Folia lanceolata carnosula acuta
equaha, basibus cuneatis, glabra, 2-3 poll. longa, 3-? poll. lata.
Stipule late triangulares carnose acute persistentes. Panicula
laxa patens, 6-8 poll. longa, seepe 6 poll. lata, ramis trichotomis
patentibus trifurcatis, gracilibus. Flores parvi singuli pedicellati
in apicibus ramulorum. Calyx obconicus, lobis triangularibus
acutis. Petala linearia alba. Stamina vracilia longe porrecta
corollain multo superantia. Stylus longus porrectus. Capsula
obovoidea -5 poll. longa.

Gunong Tahan, 4,000-5,000 ft. Bush: flowers pale green. (5393.)
At 5,000-6,000 ft. Shrub somewhat creeping in habit; flowers
vreenish. (5475.)

Allied to Hedyotis Maingayi, Hook. fil., of Mount Ophir, and H.
peduncularis, King, of Kedah Peak, but much more branched than
either. This group of Hedyotis is very characteristic of our high
elevations, and the species are usually confined to one mountain-
top.

TIMON1US MONTANUS, nt. sp. (p. 3L2 ).

Frutex 8-pedalis. Folia elliptica vel elliptico-lanceolata acuminata
basi cuneata, glabra, 23-3 poll. longa, 1-14 poll. lata, nervis circa
6 paribus, in pagina inferiore conspicuis, breviter petiolata. Sti-
pule lanceolate acuminate. Flores 2-3 in pedunculo brevi vix
+ poll. longo, sessiles, glabri, flavi. Calyx eampanulatus pube-
scens, lobis acutis triangularibus. Corolle tubus longus cylindri-
cus glaber, 3 poll. longus, lobis oblongis obtusis. Stamina inelusa,
antheris linearibus. Flores feeminei et fructus non visi.

Gunoug Tahan, 5,000-6,000 {t. Shrub 8 feet high; petals pale
yellow ; anthers rich chrome-yellow; corolla-tube reddish exter-
nally. (5499).

Resembling in habit some forms of Z'. jambosella, Thw., but dis-
tinguished by its long glabrous corolla and short peduncle.

LasIANTHUS CHINENSIS, Benth., Fl. Hongk. 160 (p. 312).

Gunong Tahan, 5,000-5,500 ft. Shrub 10-11 feet; fruit brownish.
(5524.)

Distrib—Perak, Hongkong, Formosa.
1

L. coronatrus, King & Gamble, iu Journ. As. Sue, Beng. Ixxiil. 11. (19U4)
120.
Gunony Tahan. 5,000-6,000 ft. Shrub; flowers white. (5503,
5438.)
Distrib. Perak.
CAMPANULACEA
PuNTAPHRAGMA GRANDIS, nv. sp. (p. 312).

Herba 1-2-pedalis, caule fistuloso, } poll. crassv. Folia alterna

. remota elliptica obovata obtusa denticulata, basi invequilatera,

superne glabra, 5 poll. longa, 2 poll. lata, subtus preecipue im

venis Pectin deinde glabrescentia, petiolo 1 poll. longo. Flores

6-7 axillares, aggregati, # poll. longi, sordide albi. Bractexw

ovarium subsequantes, scariose, caduce. Calyx tubulosus, lobis

lanceolatis oblongis obtusis, omnino lanuginoso-pubescens. Petala

sepalis subequalia, apicibus recurvis pubescentibus. Stamina

linearia. Stylus validus, basi jyulmesaamhgy stigma cylindricum
crassum canaliculatun.

Gunony Tahan, 4,000-5,000 ft. 1-2 feet high; flowers dirty white :
leaves bright green fleshy, pale beneath. (5408.)

A large plant for the genus, remarkable for its tall fistular stem and
large flowers.

VACCINIACEE,
VACCINIUM PUBICARPUM, W. sp. Cp. S18).

Frutex 4-pedalis retells Folia tenuiter coriacea lanceolata
acuminata acuta glabra obscure serrulata, 2 poll. longa, # poll.
lata, nervis prumaris 6, petivlo + poll. longo. eer folis
breviores 2 poll. longi laxi. Bracteze minute lineares. Flores
pedicellati, pedicellis { poll. longis, cum calyce pubescentibus.

Calyx cupulatus, lobis acutis triangalanibus. Corolla omnino
pubescens. Staminum filamentis brevibus, antheris linearibus
oblongis, processibus 2 apicalibus rectis cylindricis, antheras
equantibus, omnino glabra, Stylus cylindricus crassiusculus,
wpice plano. Bacca parva elobosa pubescens sepalis coronata,
{+ poll. longa.

Gunong Tahan, 5,000-6,000 ft. Shinb 4 feet igh, in shady
ravines. (5443.)
Resembles V. malaccensis, Wight, which is common in the lowlands

of the Peninsula, but differs in the long acuminate leaves and
pubescent fruit.
V. LONGIBRACTEATUM, Wi. sp.

Frutex ramis fuscis hirtis, pilis albis. Foli alterna ovata sub-
cordata obtusa coriacea inferne pubescentia uae glabra, 1-15
poll. longa, {-1; poll. lata, petiolis pubescentibus + poll. longis.
Racemi tennis longiusculi, rhachidibus pubescentibus. Brat.
tee foliacew coriacee lanceolate acute. pubescentes, flores multo
120

superantes, 3-1 poll. longee, } poll. late. Flores desunt. Baccee

1 poll. longe globose pubescentes, pedicellis ;+ poll. longis
pubescentibus ; lobis calyeis trangularibus acutis 5, inflexis.

Gunong Tahan, 3,300 ft.  (5326.)

Remarkable for its pubescence and the large lanceolate bracts.
The leaves are close-set and very coriaceous, hairy beneath with
conspicuous ascending nerves.

V. Teysmannti, Miy., Fl. Ind. Bat. 11. 1062.

Gunong Tahan, 3,300 ft. Flowers crimson ; leaves rusty beneath,
(5053).

Distrib.—Perak ; Java.

ERICACEX,
Pieris ovauirouia, D, Don, in Edinb. Phil. Journ. xvi. (18384) 159
(p. 313).

Gunong Tahan, 5,000-6,000 ft. Small tree 15-20 feet; flowers
whitish. (5476.)

Distrib.—Himalayas to Japan.

RHODODENDRON MALAYANUM, Jack, in Mal. Mise. 1. (1822) No. vir. 17
(p. 313).
Gunong Tahaun, 3,500 tt. Small tree. (5323.)
Distrib.—Common on hills in Malay Peuimsula ; Malaya.
RuopopENDRoN Wrayt, King & Gamble, in Journ. As. Soc. Beng.
Ixxiv. ur. (1906) 75 (p. 314).
Gunong Tahan, 4,000-5,000 ft. (5887.)
Distrib.—Oceurs also in the Kedah, Selangor, and Perak Hills.
R. ponatrLtorum, Lindl., in Journ. Hort. Soe. mi. (1848) 88.

Gunong Tahan, 4,000-5,000 ft. Growing on trees ; flowers salmon-
pink. (5382.)

Distrib.—Perak, Borneo, and Sumatra.

KR, ELEGANS, x. Bp.

Epiphytica, ramis tenuibus undulatis. Folia opposita vel 5-
verticillata elliptico-lanceolata obtusa basi cuneata parva, coriacea,
vlabra, {-1 poll. longa, 3 poll. lata, nervis inconspicuis, subtus
crebre punctata superne nitida, petiolis brevissimis +. poll. longis.
Flores rubri singuli terminales, $ poll. longi, 2 poll. lati, pedicellis
wquilongis pubescentibus gracilibus. Calyx cupularis parvus,
lobis brevissimis ovatis. Corolla parva recta erassa cylindrica
rubra pubescens, lobis rotundatis brevibus. Stamina 8, filamentis
pubescentibus. Ovariuin hirtum. Stylus cylindricus crassiuseu-
lus haud exsertus ; stiguia clavatuin.

Gunong Tahan, 5,000 ft. Flowers bright red ; leaves dark shining
green ; growing on trees. (5429.)

A very elegant little slender-branched plant with small flowers.
I know nothing exactly like it.
12]

EPACRIDERX.
LEUCOPOGON MALAYANUS, Jack, in Mal. Mise. i. (1820) No. v, 20
(yr 814).
Gunong Tahan. Small tree. (5316.)

Distrib—Common on all the lulls and on sandy coasts of the
Peninsula. Oceurs also in Borneo and Banka, with a variety
in ‘Tenasserim.

MYRSINER.
ARDISIA ROSEA, King & Gainble, in Journ. As. Soc. Benq. \xxiv. m1.
Extr. (1906) 150 (p. 514).

Gunong Tahan, 5,000-6,000 ft. Small tree; flowers white, stalks
purplish. (5467.) Shrub; flowers white, flower-stalks red;
leaves and young wood tinged with red. (5334.)

Distvib.— Perak, on most hill-ranges at high elevations.

A. BINIFLORA, 2. sp.

Frutex validus, ramis pallidis densis. Folia coriacea lanceolata
obtusa basibus cuneatis, glabra, 25 poll. longa, 1 poll. lata,
carina subtus crassiuscula, nervis copiosis, petiole { poll. longo.
Flores axillares bini vel terni in pedunculo 1] poll. gracili, foliis
breviores. Bracteze ad basin pedunculi et pedicellorum foliacezx
parve ovate. Sepala rotundata brevia hand imbricata margini-
bus glanduloso-dentatis. Petala lanceolata acuta, glandulosa,

glandulis magnis, + poll. longa. Antheree lanceolatee apiculate.

Gunong Tahan, in ravines, 5,000-6,000 ft. Shrub 10-15 feet high ;
flower reddish pink ; anthers brownish. (5460.)

A shrub with the habit of Ardisia littoralis, Andr., but with very
stiff, closely-veined, entire, obscurely gland-dotted leaves, and

flowers in pairs on axillary peduncles.

ARDISIA RETINERVIA, 7. sp. (p. 815).

Frutex 10-12 ped. alt., ramis validis brunneis, omnino glaber, Folia
coriacea elliptica, apice rotundata, basi cuneata, 4-45 poll. longa,
2 poll. lata, crebre glandulose-punctata in utraque pagina, costa
superne depressa subtus elevate crassiuscula; nervis superne
inconspicuis, subtus elevatis horizontalibus numerosis valde
reticulatis usque ad margines ; margines integri, glandulis margina-
libus nullis; petiolo valido brevi, 5-1 poll. longo. Cyme pauci-
floree axillares breves. Flores desunt; pedicelli fructiferi suban-
gulati, $ poll. longi. Sepala 5 ovata obtusa haud glandulifera
glabra brevia. Drupa globosa multi-suleata, ¢ poll. longa; stylo
brevi.

Gunong Tahan, 5,000-6,000 ft. Shrub 10-15 feet high. (5502.)

Remarkable chiefly for its stiffly coriaceous, strongly reticulated
leaves. The drupe, which is large for the genus, is marked with
narrow ridges and grooves,
122

STYRACEE.
SrmpLocos apENoPIYLLA, Wall. er G. Don, Gen. Syst. iv. 3 (p. 315),
Gunong Tahan, 3,300 ft. (5320.)
Distrib—Malay Peninsula and Archipelago.
8. Scortecuiny, King & Gamble, in Journ. As. Soc. Beng. Ixxiv. m1.
Extr. (1906) 250.
Gunong Tahan, 4,000-5,000 ft. Tree; flowers white, tinged near
the ends of the petals with pink, veins of flowers red. (5392.)

Distrib.—Perak. I have seen no authentic specimen of this plant,
which has only once been collected, by Seortechini.

ASCLEPIADACE.E,
PenrasacmE caupatum, Wall., in Wight, Contrib. 60 (p. 315).
Kuala Teku, 500-1,000 ft. (5533.)

Distrib—Common in streams at high altitudes in the eastern side
of the Peninsula; North India, Burma.

Discuipia coccinea, Griff. Notule, iv. 45 (p. 315).

Gunong Tahan, 3,800 ft. On trees; flowers red; leaves dull
erimson. (5410.)

Distrib.— Malay Peninsula ; common at high altitudes.

Discurp1a ALBIDA, Griff. Notule, iv. 46 (p. 316).
Gunong Trahan. On trees; flowers pale yellow. (5399.)

Distrib.—Malay Peninsula.

GENTIANACE.E.
GENTIANA MALAYANA, 7. sp. (p. 816).

Herba pusilla 1-3 poll. alt. Folia earnosa congesta acuta lanceolata
sessilia integra glabra, }-3 poll. longa. Flos terminalis } poll.
longus. Calyx tubnilosus, lobis acuminatis tubum corolle super-
antibus. Corolla azurea tubulosa, lobis brevibus snbspathulatis
apicibus rotundatis, plicis integris. Stamina antheris longius
hastatis predita. Ovarinm stipitatum; stylo brevi, stigmatibus
brevibus.

Gunong Tahan, 5,000-6,000 ft. Flowers deep sky-blue. Growing
among moss in damp places (5473) ; on wet rocks (5479).

The addition of the genus Gentiane to the Flora of the Malay
Peninsula is an interesting one. The species is closely allied to
G. borneensis, Hook. fil., from Kinabalu, differing chiefly in the
quite entire leaves, rounded tips of the petals and entire, not
lobed, folds hetween thein. The anthers are narrower and more
acute,

The plants collected under the two numbers seem specifically

identical, but the specimens of No, 5473 are very much smaller
than those of 5479,
123

CANSCORA TRINERVIA, 2. sp. (p. 316).

Herba 3-5 poll. alta, caulibus pluribus. Folia glabra ovata vel
ovato-lanceolata herbacea utrinque acuminata trinervia, 3-1 poll.
longa, 4-# poll. lata. Flores in axillis superioribus, albis. Calyx
tubulosus superne angustatus } poll. longus, costis 8 elevatis,
alternis bifurcatis, lobis acuminatis. Corolla irregularis alba,
tubo quam sepala paullo longiore, lobis 4 oblongis rotundatis
marginibus crispis, uno multo latiore, } poll. longis. Stamina
fertilia 3, antheris oblongis, uno sterili filiformi. Stylus sat
longus ; stigmatibus 2 linearibus elongatis.

Gunong Tahan, 5,000-5,500 ft. Herb by stream; flowers white,
(5507.)

There are two species of this genus recorded by C. B. Clarke in his
description of the family in the “ Materials for a Flora of the
Malayan Peninsula,’ one of which—C. diffusa, a common Indian
species—is recorded as belonging to this region only on the
authority of a specimen collected by Lobb in Singapore and
undoubtedly wrongly localised, the other—C. pentanthera, C. B..
Clarke, an endemic species—occurs usually at high elevations ;
it has five complete stamens and a regular corolla, while C.
trinervia has three complete stamens only and a staminode and

an irregular corolla.
OLEACEE.

OLEA CAPITELLATA, 1. sp. (p. 317).

Frutex 3-4-pedalis. Folia opposita coriacea glabra elliptica obtusa
petiolata, basi angustata, 2 poll. longa, 1 poll. lata, nervis 8 pri-
maris. Stipule nulle. Flores in capitulis parvis axillaribus
petiolis brevioribus. Bracteze ovate rotundate, marginibus
ciliatis. Pedicelli breves pubescentes. Sepala ad basin connata,
lobis ovatis pubescentibus. Corolle tubus brevissimus ; lobis
rotundatis pubescentibus. Stamina 2, in ore tubi adnata, corollam
multo superantia; filamentis linearibus, antheris bilocularibus
ellipticis, loculis ad basin paullo divergentibus. Stylus erectus
simplex quam tubus corolle brevior.

Gunong Tahan, 5,000-6,000 ft. Small shrub 3-4 feet high; flowers
yellowish. (5489.)

A very curious plant with densely set coriaceous elliptic leaves,
closely minutely dotted, and small axillary heads or more strictly
umbels of very small flowers, subtended by 2 rounded ciliate
bracts. I know no species of the genus which at all resembles

this singular plant.
LOGANIACES.

GAERTNERA RAMOSA, 2. sp. (p. 317).

Frutex 10-pedalis ramosus. Folia lanceolata acuminata acuta glabra
basi in petiolum brevem attenuata, 6 poll. longa, 14 poll. lata,
petiolo ¢ poll. longo. Stipule amplexicaules per paria connate
superne bidentate. Cyme terminales, laxe, 2-3 poll. longe,
124.

‘amis paucis brevibus, rami breves 1-3-flori. Calyx cupulatus 5
poll. longus, dentibus 4, brevissimis. Corolla 4 poll. longa pu-
bescens, lobis 6 lanceolatis carnosis apieibus inflexis, pilis sericeis
densis in ore tubi infra antheras preedita. Stamina 6, antheris
linearibus oblongis, eonneetivo in cornua minuta producto, fila-
mentis brevibus pilis serieeis celatis.

Gunong Tahan, 5,000-6,000 ft. Shrub 10 feet high; flowers white.
(5458.)

G. oBLANCEOLATA, King & Gawble, in Journ, As. Soc. Beng. \xxiv. 11.

(1907) 624.

Gunong Tahan, 3,300 ft. Bush; flowers white. (5343.)

Distrib.-—Perak.
LENTIBULARIACE®.

UTRICULARIA NIGRICAULIS, 2. sp. (p. 317).

Folia et utricule non vise. Canlis filiformis tripolliearis ater, raro
ramosns, squamis pancis lanceolatis subacutis haud infra pro-
duetis. Flores perparvi 2-3 breviter pedieellati, bracteis 2 ob-
longis pedicello multo brevioribus. Sepala late oblonga obtusa,
eorolle tubum longe superantia, purpuraseentia. Corolle labium
superius brevius, inferum longius ; calear breve inenrvum conicum,
Capsula ovata orbicularis calyce tecta.

Gunong Tahan, 5,000-6,000 ft.; in damp moss on reeks. Colour
purplish-blue, stem black. (5447.)

Apparently near U. iwinutissima, Vahl, but has larger flowers.

UTRICULARIA ORBICULATA, Wall. ew A. DC. Prodr. viii. 18. (p. 318).

Gunong Tahan, 5,000-6,000 ft. Flowers blue, mouth of tube yellow.
Growing among wet moss. (5477.)
Distrib.-—-TIndia, Malaya, South China.

GESNERACEF.
Dipymocarpus saurctina, Pidl., in Trans. Linn. Soe. ser. 2, Bot. ni,
(1893) 329 (p. 318).

Kuala Teku, 500-1,000 ft. Flowers pale pink; anthers and _pistil
deeper pink.

Distrib. Originally found in the Tahan Valley.

D. FLAVOBRUNNEA, Ridl., 1. c.

Gunong 'Tahan, 3,000-3,300 ft. Leaves dark green; hairs on stalk
red; flowers vellow lined with dull red, becoming confluent in the
tube. (5367.)

Distrib. —Occurs in the saine locality as the last.

D. GRANDIFOLIA, 7. 5p.

Planta valida acaulis, radice crassa lignosa. Folia oblanceolata
magna, apice acuto, basi in petioluin decurrente, margine crenu-
lato, superne glabra punctata, inferne glabra, 9 poll. longa, 3}
poll. lata, nervis pubescentibus ad 17 paria subtus clevatis, ner-
125.

vulis reticulatis, petiolo 2 poll. longo. Peduneuli validi 8-9
poll, longi pubescentes parce ramosi, ramis brevibus 1 poll. longis.
Sepala } poll. longa lanceolata acuminata acuta hispidula. Co-

rolle delapse. Capsula teres acuminata glabra, 3 poll. longa.

Gunong Tahan, 3,300 ft. Leaves green with the bracts, fruit, and
stalk dull purple. (5869.)

Unfortunately there are no corollas on the specimens. It is evident-
ly a fine plant with unusually large leaves for an acaulescent
species.

D. Rozinsoni, 2. sp.

Suffrutex ramosus ultra-pedalis hispidus. Folia opposita sub-
sequatlia lanceolata utrinque acuminata acuta crenulata superne his-
pidula inferne subglabra, nervis pubescentibus exceptis, 2 poll.
longa, { poll. lata, petiolo hirto, ¢ poll. longo. Flores axillares
in pedicellis pubescentibus, 2 poll. longis. Sepala lanceolata
linearia =; poll. longa, glanduloso-hirta. Corolla longa infundi-
buliformis pubescens purpurascens albostriata, macula flava in ore
tubi notata, $ poll. longa. Capsula gracilis evlindrica acuminata,
25 poll. longa.

Gunong Tahan, 5,000-6,000 ft. Flowers purplish streaked with
white, with yellow at top of tube. (5470.)

This species is allied to D. hispida, Rid]. Tt is unusually branched
and woody for its group.

Loxocarpus 1ncana, R. Br., in Benn. Pl. Jav. Rav. 120 (p. 319).

Gunong Tahan, 5,000 ft. Flowers pale violet, darker in the
throat. (54:30.)

Distrib.— Malay Peninsula.

L. ANGUSTIFOLIA, 7. sp.

Herba acaulis, foliis lanceolatis acutis subfalcatis plurimis, basibns
in petiolis attennatis sericeis, {-2 poll. longis, 4-1 poll. latis.
Peduneulus tenuis erectus sericeus, 2 poll. longus. Flores 2-3.
Sepala lanceolata hispido-sericea, J; poll. longa. Corolle ,*,
poll. long, tubus crassus brevis, lobi rotundati, labium inferius
longius, pallide purpureum. Capsula cornuta curva acuminata,
pilis viscidis tecta.

Gunong Tahan, 5,000-6,000 ft. (5504.)

A very distinct plant with narrow lanceolate oblique leaves.

PARAB@A PYROLIFLORA, Ridl., in Journ. Roy. As. Soc. Straits Br. No.
xliv. (1905) 67 (p. 319).
Kuala Teku, 300-1,000 ft. (5545.)
Distrib.— Originally found in the Tahan Valley.
P. RUBIGINOSA, n. sp).

Radix crassa lignosa,6 poll. longa; caudex brevis, 1 poll. longus,
lignosus, temento multo rufo tectus vel nullus. Folia rosulata
126

vel opposita oblanceolata obtusa basm versus angustata rotun-
data, margine dentato, nervis 10 paribus, superne atroviridia
hispida, preesertim in marginibus, subtus crebre punctata glabra,
nervis et costa rubiginoso-tomentosis exceptis. Pedunculi 3 vel
plures, graciles, 6-8 poll. longi, rubropubescentes. Bracteze minutee
lineares pubescentes. Sepala linearia brevia, vix 3, poll. longa.
Corolla alba colore roseo tincta campanulata, } poll. longa, lobis
rotundatis. Stamina brevia 2, antheris subglobosis. Capsula

lanceolata acuminata, ¢ poll. longa.

Gunong Tahan, 4,000-5,000 ft.; on rocks. Leaves dark velvety
green; flowers white tinged with pink. (5598.)

~ Flowers resembling those of P. pyroliflora, Ridl., but the style is

much shorter. The fohage is very different and more resembles

that of Didymocarpus heterophylla, Ridl.

CYRTANDRA CUPULATA, Ridl., in Journ. Linn. Soc., Bot. xxxii. (1896)
527 (p. 519).
Kuala Teku, 500-1,000 ft. (5540.)
Distrib—Malay Peninsula.

JESCHYNANTHUS, sp. (p. 320).
Gunong Tahan, 5,000-6,000 ft. Creeper very fleshy, reddish.
(5483.)
A rather woody plant with pale bark and oval fleshy leaves 3 an
inch long. There are no flowers (only pods already dehisced)

und no seed. Doubtless an undescribed species, but the material
is sufficient.

APETALA:.
NEPENTHACES.

NeEpentueEs Boneso, Korth., Verh. Nat. Gesch. Bot. 19, t. 14 (p. 320).

Gunong Tahan, 5,000 ft. Flowers dull red-brown ; cups white
tinted pale green at base and spotted with pink. (5411.)

The original plant was obtained on Merapi mountain in Sumatra.
The Tahan plant seems to resemble it very closely, but the
fruit is much larger than it is in Korthal’s figure. The male
flowers are small, with 4 oblong obtuse pubescent petals 2, inch
long, the pedicels of the flowers } inch. The raceme is lax
and about 6 inches long. The lid of the pitcher is densely

glandular. The capsules are three-quarters of an inch long.

N. GRACILLIMA, 2. 8p.

Caulis gracillimus ;; poll. in diametro. Folia remota sessilia
anguste lanceolata acuminata, lamina 2-3 poll. longa 4 poll:
lata glabra coriacea ; petiolulo 5-pollicari; amphora subcylindrica
angusta, 4 poll. longa, ¢ poll. in diametro, superne glandulosa

paullo constricta, annulo angusto, obscure costate. Opereculum
127

orbieulare }-? poll. longum, eervice ct lamina pubeseentibus,
cornibus ad basin operculi duobus +; poll. longis, glandule
nulle. Racemus masculus gracilis plus quam 6 poll. longus.
Flores parvi dissiti, pedicellis 3; poll. longis. Braetes lineares
craciles. Petala 4 oblonga obtusa glabra. Racemus fructiferus
eirea 6 poll. longus; capsule # poll. longze glabree, pedicellis } poll.

longis, valve utrinque angustate.

Gunong Tahan, 3,300 ft. Pitchers pale green, tinted in places with
dull crimson, and mottled with dull purple; lid of cup brighter
ereen lined with dull crimson. (5309.)

Allied to N. gracilis, Korth., but is a much slenderer plant; the
stem is rounded and not angular, the leaves are not decurrent,
the peristome is faintly ribbed on the lower surface, the cup is
differently coloured, and the lid is not glandular,

LAURACKA.
DEHAASIA LANCIFOLIA, ”. sp. (p. 320).

Arbor 25-pedalis. Folia coriacea lanceolata obtusa (siecitate rufa),
breviter petiolata glabra, nervorum 9-11 paribus predita; nervis
ascendentibus in margine arcuatis, costa crassiuscula, 43-75 poll.
longa, 15-2 lata. Panicule elongate patentes 7-8 poll: longs,
ramulis paucis brevibus pubescentibus. Flores 6-7 perparvi in
cymulas in apicibus ramulorum virescentes dispositi, pedicellis
brevibus pubescentibus. Sepala 3 minuta ovata obtusa. Petala
alterna ovata obtusa cucullata pubescentia, quam sepala multo
majora. Stamina 9 filamentis brevissimis, antheris ovatis. Stylus
quam stamina longior crassus; stigma magnum rotundatium
crassum atrum. Drupa elliptica 15 poll. longa, pedunculo haud
multum incrassato.

Gunong Tahan, 5,000-6,000 ft. Tree 11 inches in diameter, 25
feet high, flowers greenish (5468). Shrub 8-10 feet, in fruit
(5526).

This fine plant is represented by two specimens, one in flower and one
in fruit, which evidently belong to the same species. The leaves are
bright brown when dry. The main nerves ascend and curving
upwards at the margin connect with each other by a loop, and the
intermediate nervules are conspicuously reticulated. The long lax
panicle of short branches is not like that of any other species
known to me. The flowers are quite those of a Dehaasia, some
unisexual and some bisexual. The stigma is remarkably thick and
rounded for the genus.

LInNDERA cmHstA, Reinw. ex Vill., in Blaneo. Fl. Philipp. ed. 3, Nor.
App. 181, e descript ( p. 321).

Gunong Tahan, 5,000-6,000 ft. Small shrub. (5455.)
Distrib,— Philippines to Borneo,
128

LORANTHACE,
LORANTHUS PULCHER, DC. Prod. iv. 295 (p. 821).

Gunong Tahan, 5,500 ft. Shrub; flowers carmine ; calyx and flower-
stalks dull red ; leaves very thick and fleshy. (5337.) The leaves
are more oval in outline and more fleshy than usual. Not rare in
the lill-region.

Distrib.— Penang.

L.. Losi, Hook, fil., Fl. Brit, Ind. v. 204.
Gunong Tahan. (5485.) Common in the hill-regions.
Distrib.—-Penane.

TL. cLososus, Rowb., Fl. Ind. 1. 550.
Gunong Tahan, 4,000-5,000 ft.; on trees. Flowers bright orange-
red; leave red above and dull green beneath. (5404.)

Distrib.—North India, Malay Peninsula, Java.

SANTALACEM.
Henstowra vARIaANns, Blume, Mus. Bot. Lugd.-Bat. i. 244 (p. 822).
Gunong Tahan, 3,300 ft. Climber; fruit green, tinted dull red.
(5349. )

Distrib.—Tenasserim, Malacea, Borneo.

H. Losprana, A. DC. Prod. xiv. 631.
Gunong Tahan, 5,000-6,000 ft. Creeper; berries reddish. (5484.)

Distrib.—Malay Peninsula.

EUPHORBIACE®.
CHORIOPHYLLUM MONTANUM, #. sp. (p. 3822).

Frutex ramosus, foliis oppositis eoriaceis, ellipticis, basibus angustatis,
apicibus retusis, superne nitidis, subtus pallidioribus 2 poll. longis,
2 poll. latis, breviter petiolatis, petiolo j5 poll. longo. Flores non
visi. Capsula tricocea globosa, coccis hbivalvibus 3 poll. longis.
Semina +} poll. longa rufo-castanea polita elliptica subobliqua, arillo
hilobo, semen semitegente, lohis subacutis triangularibus.

Gunong Tahan, 3,300 ft. (5434.) Flowers yellow.

Very distinct from Ch. malayanum, Benth., in its much smaller,
elliptic, very coriaceous leaves.

MYRICACEA,
Myrica Farquuariana, Wall. Tent. 61 (p. 322).
Gunong Tahan, 5,000-5,500 ft. Shrnb 10-12 feet high; flowers
reddish-brown. (5519.)
Distrib.—India, Malaya.
Common in the low country near the sea. This is referred to M. Nagi,

Thunb., in the “ Flora of British India,” v. 597, but I cannot think
it is identical with that Japanese plant.
129

CUPULIFERE.
Quercus Rassa, Miy., Fl. Ind. Bat. Suppl. 350 (p. 322).
Gunong Tahan, 6,000 ft. (5440.) One of the very few oaks which
are to be met with at an elevation of over 3,000 ft,

Distrib.—Malay Peninsula and Archipelago.

MONOCOTYLEDONES.

ORCHIDEA.
OBERONIA (§ Caulescentes) CONDENSATA, W. sp. Cp. 322).

Caules congesti, 1-2 poll. longi, radicibus densis tenuibus ad bases
preediti. Folia carnosa decidua linearia acuta, + poll. longa, } poll.
lata. Racemus pollicaris ad basin florifer. Bractez lanceolate
longe acuminate, ad racemi basin longiores, superne minores.
Flores citrini, poll. ”, in diametro. Sepala ovata obtusa. Petala
lanceolata multo angustiora; labellum equmlongwn, mtegrum
elongato-triangulare, basi lato. Columna_ stelidiis brevibus in-
structa, anthera ovata alba.

Gunong Tahan, 5,000-6,000 ft.; on rocks. (5487.)

A very curious little plant, remarkable for its stiff short stem, its
short, erect raceme, and its quite simple lip.

Puatyciinis GractLis, Hock. fil., Fl. Brit. Ind. v. p. 708 (p. 828).

Gunong Tahan, 5,000-6,000 ft. Flowers pale greenish, with two
broad stripes on the lip not reaching to the tip. (5498.) A
form with a very long rhizome and stout distant bulbs.

Distrib.—Perak.

P. Kineu, Hook. fil., 1. ¢.
Gunong Tahan; on rocks at 6,000 ft. Flowers yellow, (5434.)
Distrib.—Perak and Borneo.

DENDROBIUM LoNGIPES, Hook, fil., l. ¢. 713 (p. 828).

Summit of Gunong Tahan, 7,100 ft. Flowers yellow faintly lined
with brown, lip and lobes mottled with crimson. (5529.)

. Distrib.—Hill-ranges of the centre of the Peninsula.

D. Kesar, Ridl., in Journ. Linn. Soc., Bot. xxxii. (1896) 237.
Gunong Tahan, 3,000-6,000 ft.; on trees. (5496.)
Distrib.—All the hills of the central range.

D., sp., with rather long bulbs, slender stems and terete acuminate

leaves. ‘Flower pale yellow, lip spotted and veined with red-
dish-brown and with reddish hairs.”

 Gunong Tahan, 5,000-6,000 ft. (5481.)

This appears to be allied to D. gracile, Lindl., but there are no
flowers on the specimens.
150

D. untvtorum, Griff, Notale, ii. 305.

Gunung Tahan, 5,000-6,000 ft. (5497.) At 3,300 ft. (5342,
5306.) On trees; creamy white, lip tinted with green and three
brown lines down the centre.

In No. 5306 the leaves are over 2 mches long and half an inch wide,
of thinner texture thau those of the other two specimens. ‘The
leaves of No. 5497 are those of the Mount Ophir form, short, thick
and oblong.

The Dendrobiumns of the section Distichophylle, of the D. wniflorum
and D, revolutuar series, require critical study both in the Malay
Peninsula and in Borneo, where they are also abundant on the
upper parts of the hill-ranges. There is considerable variation im
the form and texture of the leaf and also in the height and habit
of the plant, though the flowers seem to be mueh less variable.

Denprosium Birarium, Lindl., Gen. & Sp., Orch. 81 Cp. 824).
Gunong Tahan, 5,000-5,500 ft. Lip creamy white with orange
blotches; petals and sepals pale coffee-brown, much darker at
the base. (5505.)

I cannot distinguish this from the well-known lowland plant, on
which Lindley based his species, though My. Robinson's note as
tv the colour of the flower (which is usually creamy with a green
lip) shows some variation from the normal. The species oecurs
both in the lowlands and the hill-region of the Malay Peninsula
und Borneo.

D. (§ Pedilonnm) cornurum, Hook. fil, Fl. Brit. Ind. v. 730.

Gunong Tahan, 5,000 ft.; on trees. Flowers bright magenta, stalks
and bracts the same colour; a yellow spot on the lip. (5431.)

Distrib.—Perak.

This species is closely allied both to D. Kuhlii, Tindl., and D. Has-
selfiit, Lindl., of Java and Sumatra. It differs but little from the
latter, chiefly in the narrower acute sepals.

D. (§ Pedilonum) suBrLavipuM, x. sp.

Caules plures graciles teretes, 18 poll. longi, 3 poll. crassi, internodiis
bipollicaribus. Folia anguste lanceolata acuminata acuta, 3 poll.
longa 3 poll. lata, conspicue 5-nervia, apicibus imeeaualibus.
Pedunculi ¢ caulibus defoliatis # poll. longi biflori. Bractese
ovate. Pedicelli cum ovariis gracilibus } poll. longi. Flos 13
poll. longus ab apice sepali usque ad apicem menti. Sepalum
posticum lanceolatum j poll. longum; sepala lateralia subtriangu-
laria multo latiora, mentum cornutium 1 poll. longum, apice curvo.
Labellum Janceolatui, ungue longo et anguste, limbo integro ob-
tuso, 1 poll. longum } poll. Jatum. Columne parte libera brevi

lata, alis alte elevatis.

Gunong Tahan, 3,300 ft. Flowers yellow. (5317.) At roots of
trees; flowers pale greenish-yellow, lip yellow, spotted with crimson

 
near the base on either side; leaves tinged with dull crimson
on the under face. (5300.)

Evidently allied to D. megaceras, Hook. fil., a little known plant
collected by Maingay in Malacca and not since found. It differs
chiefly in the lip being quite entire and tle limb lanceolate.
D. Anthrene, Ridl., of Borneo is also allied.

BuLBOPHYLLUM GALBINUM, Ridl., in Journ. Linn. Soe., Bot. xxxii.
(1896) 267 ( p. 32-£).
Gunong Tahan, 3,300 ft.; on trees. (5305.)
Distrib.—Perak.
BuLBOPHYLLUM (§ Sestochilus) mMickoGLossuM, wu. sp. (p. 325).

Caulis longe repens 5’; poll. erassus, internodiis { poll. longis ;
pseudobulbis conicis ascendentibus } poll. longis } poll. latis ad
bases. Folia elliptica obtusa, breviter petiolata coriacea 1} poll.
longa 3 poll. lata. Pedunculus gracilis 1} poll. longus. Sepalum
posticum eo cucullatum, sep. lateralia ovata-lanceolata
faleata obtusa 3 poll. longa. Petala lata oblongo-lanceolata .
-obtusa fere subequalia. Labellum minimum, basi late emar-
ginato, apice decurvo, carnosum lateraliter compressnm vix } poll.
longum. Columua cum pede longo sursum curvo libero, alis in
largine pedis elongatis, stelidia obscura.

Gunong Tahan, 4,000-5,000 ft.; on trees. Flowers dull yellow, lined
and spotted with red, movable lip pink. (5327.)

Rather small-flowered for the section and with a very, small lip
which is flattened sideways and narrow, the base dilated and
deeply emarginate. In the column, the side wings are well deve-
loped along the edge of the foot, forming rather large flanges
running from the top of the column nearly to the point at which
the foot becomes free from the sepals.

B. (§ Monanthaparva) TITANIA, 2. sp.
Rhizoma longe repens, pseudobulbis arcte appressis tectum. Pseudo-
-bulbi oblongi apicibus ascendentibus ut in B. catenario, ferme $
poll. longis. Folia lanceolata 3 poll. longa } poll. lata, basi
angustato. Pedunculus gracilis capillaris 1; poll. longus. Bractez
. infundibuliformes, § poll. longe. Sepala lanceolata -%; poll. longa,
6-nervia, lateralia latiora. Petala minuta } longitudinis sepali
equantia, lanceolata uninervia. TLabellum linguiforme, in medio
flexum } longitudinis sepali equans, carnosum flavum. Columna
validula, stelidiis setiformibus longis.
Gunong Tahan, 5,000-6,000 ft.; growing among moss in gullies.
Flowers and stalks orange, deeper on lip and column. (5471.)

Ver y near B. catenarium, but with lar ger flowers and psendobulbs.
The lip is yellow and-not purple, and the stelidia are as long as the
body of the column... - |
132

B. (§ Racemose) vikipEscens, i. sp.

Rhizoma longum tenue, pseudobulbis nullis. Folia breviter petiolata,
petiolo erasso, lumina elliptica 1 poll. longa § poll. lata crassa
carhosa obtusa. Seapi filiformes 2 poll. longi, floribus paucis
remotis. Bracte lanceolatse acuminate ovaria aequantes 7 poll.
long. Flores pallide virides, 4 poll. longi, carnosi. Sepalum
posticum lanceolatum obtusum, sep. lateralia ad bases gibbosa
sublanceolata subobtusa. Petala linearia faleata obtusa. TLabel-
lum sepalo quale carnosum crassum huguiforme obtusum
profunde canalieulatum brunnewn papillosum. Columna minima,
stelidiis obscuris.

Gunong Tahan, 3,300 ft. ; on trees. Flowers pale green, lip brown.
(5313.)

Remarkable for the absence of pseudobulbs and the thiek fleshy
leaves, unusual in this section.

Eria nutans, Lindl., Bot. Req. (1840) Misc. 83 (p. 826).

Gunong Tahan, 6,000 ft. Flowers white, lip and two inner petals
tipped with yellow ; sepals tinged with pink ; bracts pale dull red.
(5439.)

Distrib..—A common plant all over the Peninsula.

E. (§ Hymeneria) CARUNCULATA, 7. 6).

Pseudobulbi carnosi crassi subteretes, 2 poll. longi. Folia coriacea
lanceolata ad basin angustata, apicibus acutis, 5 poll. longa, 1 poll.
lata. Raeemus ad basin florifer 5 poll. longus. Flores copiosi
parvi congesti, } poll. longi. Bractex ovate reflex, ; poll.
long. Rhachis cum pedicellis rufv-tomentosa. Sepalum posti-
clu ovatuim, sep. lateralia triangularia ovata obtusa, omnia
pubescentia, mentum breve rotundatuin sepali limbo quale.
Petala ovata, apicibus rotundatis. Labellum sepalis longius
trilobum, lobis lateralibus ovato-lanceolatis, marginibus appressis
carnosis quasi callos formantibus, lobo medio cum ungue angusto
et limbo trilobo obovato, lobulis rotundatis vix distinetis. Columna
brevis lata subquadrata.

Gunong Tahan, 5,000-6,000 ft.; on rocks. Flower pallid brownish-
white, lip edged with flesh-colour. (5445.)

Allied to Z. Maingayi, Hook. fil. The lip is rather curious in form,
the side-lobes meet by their inner faces over the claw of the mid-
lobe, and being very fleshy almost form w callus-like mass,

E. toneirouia, Hook. fil, Fl. Brit. Ind. v. 790.

Gunong Tahan, 5,000-5,500 ft. ; on trees. Flowers white, lip purple,
edye of petals spotted with purple. (5515.)

Distrib. Not rare on the central hill-ranges.

E. teretirouia, Grif, Notule, ii. 298,

Gunong Tahan, 5,000-5,500 ft.; on trees. Flowers creamy white,

base of lip pink ; sweet-scented. (5527.)
133

Distrib—Common on trees at from 2,000 feet upwards in the Penin-
sula and Borneo.

E, rerox, Bl., Mus. Bot. Lugd.-Bat. 1. 184.

Gunong Tahan, 5,000-5,500 f{t.: on the ground, Flowers creamy
white, lip mottled with purple. (5516.)

Distrib.— Malay Peninsula, Java, Borneo.

Erra (§ Dilochiopsis) Scortecuinu, Hook. fil., Fl. Brit. Ind. v. 809
(p. 327).
Gunong Tahan, 5,000 ft. Stalks up to 8 feet high; bracts white,
flowers white, tinted with pink. (5433.)

Distvib.—Hill-ranges of the Peninsula.

E. (§ Acridostachya) REPTANS, 2. sp.

Rhizoma longe repens validum lignum, radicibus tenuibus. Pseudo-
bulbi ascendentes, pollicem distantes, cylindrici pollicares, cum
vaginis argenteis involutis. Folium in quoque pseudobulbo singu-
lum anguste lanceolato-lineare subacutum valde coriaceum 6
pollices longum 3 pollices latuin. Scapus 12-pollicaris, basi
(7 poll.) nudo rufo-tomentoso cum bracteis paucis ovatis dissitis
vix =; poll. longis. Racemus densus 4 poll. longus, omnino rufo-
tomentosus. Bractezee minim ovate. Ovarium cum pedicello
; poll. longum. Sepalum posticum oblongum cucullatum, sep.
lateraha ovata falcata triangularia subacuta tomentosa. Mentum
1 poll. longum rectum cylindricum subclavatum. Petala lata
ovata lanceolata glabra. Labellum oblongum rotundatum inte-
erum, marginibus undulatis vix ad basin angustatum, fascia
media incrassata minute papillosa. Columna parte libera brevi ;
rostellum rotundatum snbemarginatum.

Gunong Tahan, 5,000-6,000 ft.; on rocks. Flowers pale yellow.
(5446.) Rather a striking plant for its section with its lone
creeping rhizomes, distant bulbs, and long wiry roots.

E. (§ Acridostachya) CRASSIPES, m. sp.

Psendobulbi in rhizomate crasso ligneo congesti conici rugosi
vaginis atrobrunneis coriaceis pollicaribus tecti. Folia bina
coriacea lineari-lanceolata acuta, 5 poll. longa, 5 poll. lata. Scapus
12 poll., dimidio infericre nudo, argenteo-tomentosus. Racemus
densus rufo-argenteo-tomentosus. Bractez sparse minimee lanceo-
latee acute. Sepala ovata obtusa pubescentia, lateralia semi-
orbicularia. Mentum breve rectum clavatum. Petala parva
angusta lanceolata curva. Labellum brevins tenue integrum
oblongum flabellulatum, apice rotundato undulato. Capsula
oblanceolata in uno latere fissa.

Gunong Tahan, 5,000 ft. (5336.) Allied to H. brunnea, Ridl.,
but with a different lip. The specimens are nearly ont of
flower.

Sept., 1908
f 134

CRRaTOsTYLIs GRACILIS, Blume, Bijdr. 306 (p. 827)
Gunong Tahan, 5,000-5,500 ft. (5528.)
Distrib.—Common all over the Peninsula and Java.

Pureatia ListropHora, Ridl.. in Journ. Linn. Soc., Bot, xxxii.
(1896) 307 (p. 827).
Gunong Tahan, 5,000-6,000 ft. Flowers white, strongly scented,
(5469.)
Distrib—Malay Peninsula.

NEPHELAPHYLLUM PULCHRUM, Blume, Bijdr. 373 (p. 328).

Gunong Tahan, 3,300 ft.; on ground among dead leaves. Lip
white, lined in the centre with green and outside with dull
crimson; petals dull crimson-red ; leaves resembling a dead leaf.
(5302.)

Distrib.— Java.

Tarnra speciosa, Blume, Bijdr. 354 (p. 328).
Gunong Tahan, 3,300 ft.; on the ground. Flowers dull pale green

lined with crimson, point of lip yellow ; stalks and pseudobulbs
dull purple. (5308.)

Distrib.— Not rare at high elevations all over the Peninsula, also
Java.

T. VEGETISSIMA, 7. sp.

Rhizoma breviter repens, pseudobulbis approximatis 4-} poll. longis,
vaginis papyraceis reticulatis tectis. Folium ovatum acutum
margine incrassato, breviter petiolatum, 1}-1} poll. longum
pollicem latum, lucidum purpurascens, nervis parallelis 6, petiolo
kermesino. Seapus lateralis pseudobulbo approximatus gracilis
9 poll. longus, bracteis vaginantibus reticulatis 2 ad basin
proximis, superne uno lineari circa } poll. longo. Racemus laxus
triflorus ; bractee floriferae lanceolate acute } poll. longe.
Pedicellus gracilis eum ovario }-3 poll. longus. Sepala anguste
lanceolata acuminata 3} poll. longa ;5 poll. lata, inferiora basi

16
gibba. Petala quam sepala latiora et breviora trinervia. Label-
lum obovato-orbicnlare $ poll. longum, ; poll. latum integrum,
disco kermesino margine flavo, callis semi-orhicularibus duobus
ad basin instructo. Columna elongata curva gracilis, rostello
rotundato integro, alis distinctis rotundatis.

Gunong Tahan, 3,300 ft.; on the ground. Flowers pale yellow
closely lined with crimson, lip edged with yellow, centre crimson ;
leaves shining purplish-brown, stalks crimson. (5314.)

A very distinct and pretty plant allied to no species very distinctly,
but in some points approaching 7. grandiflora, Ridl. Like that
plant its stem and leaves suggest an affinity with Nephelaphyllum
and there is also some similarity in the column, but the absence
of the spur prevents its being referred to that genus. .
135

SpaTHOGLoTTis AUREA, Lindl., Pavt. Fl, Gard. i. (1850) 16 (p. 828.)
Gunong Tahan, 5,000 ft. (5441.)
The usual big form described as S. Wray, Hook. fil., Fl. Brit. Ind.
y. 813.
Distrib.-—Malay Peninsula, Borneo.

ARUNDINA sPEcIosA, Blume, Bijdr. 401 (p. 828).
Gunong Tahan, 5,000-6,000 ft.; among brushwood in ravines. Petals
pale pink, lip magenta ribbed with vellow. (5448.) Comiion in
all our hill-ranges.

Distrib.—F rom India to Java.

CauanTHE CrEciLim, Reichenb. f., in Gard. Chron. sey. 11. xix. (1883)
432 (p. 329.)

Kuala Jelai, 500-1,000 ft. Flowers pure white; bracts pale green ;
column and lip tinged with sulphur-yellow. (5542.)

Distrib —Common in the Peninsula in some localities.

CeLoGyYNE CARNEA, Hook. fil., Brit. Ind. v. 838 (p. 329).

Gunong Tahan, 5,000-6,000 ft.; on low stems in shady thickets.
Flowers white, lip and column streaked with vellow. (5451.)

Distrib.—Perak.
C. stenocuiLa, Hook. fil., 1. c. 837.

Gunong Tahan, 5,000 ft.; on trees. Flowers pale red-brown veined
with brown on the sides of the lip. (5432.)

Distrib.—Perak.

(©, CYMBIDIOIDES, 2. sp.

Rhizoma crassum ligneum, pseudobulbis cylindricis 3-pollicaribus.
Folia lanceolata acuminata longe petiolata basi cuneata, 14-poll.
longa 24 poll. lata; nervis conspicuis elevatis 3, cum 2 minus
elevatis, petiolo 3 poll. longo. Racemus longus pendulus. Flores
vemoti magni. Bracteze oblongee truncate papyraces pallide
brunnez, 1 poll. longs, persistentes. Pedicelli $ poll. longi.
Sepaia anguste lanceolata acuta, 1; poll. longa, } poll. lata.
Petala quam sepala paullo breviora. Labellum late obovatum
trilobum, lobis lateralibus magnis rotundatis, lobo medio parvo
rotundato, nervis tres medianis alte cristatis proecertim ad basin,
undulato-cristatis in disco et cristato-carnosis in lobo medio.
Columna longa curvula, marginibus clinandrii ovatis lobatis,
lobulis obtusis inzequalibus. Anthera galeata elongata cum
lateribus excisis, quam clinandrium brevior, apice lato obtuso.
Rostellum crassum rotundatum emarginatum.

Gunong Tahan, 5,000-6,000 ft. Flowers whitish, stalks pale brown,
lip striped with brown, white, and yellow. (5465.)

A handsome species, allied to C. Dayana, Reichenb. f., but differing
in the narrower psendobulb, laxer spike, and long narrow petals
and sepals.
136

PROLIDOTA PARVIFLORA, Hook. fil., Ic. Pl. 1891 (p. 329).

Suunmit of Gunong Tahan, 7,100 ft. Leaves glaucous green; flower-
stalks greenish, flowers white. (5531.)

Var. pumILa, x. var. Psendobulbi congesti conico-oblongi, 3 poll.
longi. Folium ovatum, $ poll. longum, ;5 poll. latum. Racemus
2 poll. longus. Flores ferme } poll. longi.
Gunong Tahan, 7,100 ft. (5530.)
So different. in habit from the typical form as to appear at first
sight a very distinct species. As, however, the flowers are similar,
I conelude that it is merely a condensed form due to its habitat.
BromuHeapia auticoua, Ridl., in Journ. Linn. Soc., Bot. xxvii. (1891)
338 (p. 330).
Gunong Tahan, 3,300 ft. Flowers creamy white. (5428.) Com-
mon at high and low altitudes on trees.
Distrib —Selangor, Singapore.
THRIXSPERMUM ScortecHinil, Rid?., Fl. Mal. Pen., Monocot. i. 183
(p. 330).
Gunong Tahan, 5,000-5,500 ft.: om trees. (5512.)
Distrib—Malay Peninsula.
APPENDICULA KUPESTRIS, Rid/., in Journ. Linn. Soc., Bot. xxxii. (1896)
391 (p. 830).
Kuala Tahan, 500-1,000 ft. Flowers vellowish-white ; top of column
pink. (5537.) From the type-locality.
Acriopsis JAvANIcA, Blume, Bijdr, 337 (p. 330).
Gunong Tahan, 4,000-5,000 ft. (5412.) Fruiting specimen only.
Distrib.—Malay Peninsula, Tenasserim, Sumatra, Java.

HET#RIA ELEGANS, wv. sp. (p. 330.)

Caulis 3 poll. longns. Folia ovata acuminata acuta trinervia, 3 poll.
longa 1 poll. lata, glabra, petiolo vaginante 1} poll. longo. Pedun-
culus cum racemo 18-pollicari, basi (12 poll.) nndo. Racemus
multiflorus, laxinseulus; rachis albopubescens. Flores vix plus
quan ,’; poll. longi, pedicello cum ovario } poll. longo. Braetes
lanceolate acuminate. Sepala ovata obtusa glabra. Petala
anguste lmearia apicibus dilatatis. Labellum quam sepala brevius
oblongum ovatuin saccatuni, cum proceessibus carnosis clavatis
pluribus in saeco; carunculo carnoso in apice Jabelli. Columna
hasi angusta. superne dilatata. Rostelluin late excisum, lobis
latis obtnsis.

Gunong Tahan, 5,000-6,000 ft. Flowers greenish. (5466.)

Near I. lata, Hook. fil., of Batang Padang, but differs in having a
laxer spike, narrower petals, and a different lip.

HaBENARIA ZOSTEROSTYLOIDES, Hook. fil., Fl. Brit. Ind.vi. 155 (p. 850).
Gunong Tahan, 5,000-6,000 ft. Flowers greenish. (5480.)
Distrib.— Also occurs on Mt. Ophir and other hills in the Peninsula,
13%

CYPRIPEDIUM BARBATUM, Lindl., Bot. Reg. (1841) Mise. 53 (p. 330).
Gunong Tahan, 5,000-6,000 ft. Leaves chequered pale green and
white ; lateral petals spotted with black-purple terminally. (5442.)
Specimen in fruit only; determination doubtful.
Distrib —Malay Peninsula, Sian.

APOSTASIACE.E,
Aposrasia NubA, R. Br., in Wall. Pl. As. Rar. 1. 76 (p. 330.)

Gunong Tahan, 3,300 ft. Flowers white. (5318.)

Distrib— Common in the Peninsula; also North-East India ;
Sumatra, Java.

ZINGIBERACEX.
Hepycuium couuinum, Ridl., in Journ. Roy. As. Soc. Straits Br. xxxii.
(1899) 103 (p. 831).

Gunong Tahan, 5,000-5,600 ft. Flowers white, stamens brownish ;
strongly scented. (5513.) Apparently the same species as I
obtained on Kedah Peak, but w bigger and taller plant about
5 feet high. TI had only one rather stunted plant from a some-
what exposed precipice. The calyx and corolla-tube are pubescent
in this plant.

ZINGIBER GRACILE, Jack, in Mal. Mise. i. (1820) No. 1.1 (p. 38).

Gunong Tahan, 3,300 ft. (5365.) Exactly the ordinary form as far
ws the specimen goes, but the field-note says: “ Flowers pale
vellow, bracts yellow, lower ones streaked with green; flower-
stalk dull red.” The bracts of this species are normally dull
red.

CAMPTANDRA PARVULA, Ridl., l. c. LO4 (yp. ddl).
Kuala Teku, 500-1,000 ft. Flowers white, throat yellow. (5582.)
Distrib—Malay Peninsula.

ConamomuM utrRicuLosum, Ridl., l. c. 122 (p. 331).
Gunong Tahan, 3,300 ft. Flowers yellow. (5424.)
Distrib._-Perak Hills.

Grostacuys ELEGANS, Ridl., |. e. 160 (p. 331).

Gunong Tahan, 5,000-5,500 ft. Flowers yellow, the sides of the lip
mottled with red, the lower surface of the leaves purple. (5511.)

Distrib.— Mount Ophir.

This is quite like the Mount Ophir piant, but the stamen in the one
perfect flower I was able to examine has a distinct little lacerate
crest.

LILIACES.
Dracamwa Porreri, Baker. in Journ. Bot. xi. (1873) 262 (p. 331).

Gunong Tahan, 3,300 ft. Flowers white, leaves green ; about 3 feet
high. (6371.)

Distrib. —Common all over the Peninsula; Singapore, Siam.
138

BURMANNIACEX.
BurMannia visticua, Linn., Sp. Pl. 287 (p. 33L).

Gunong Tahan, 4,000-5,000 ft. Flowers light green; bracts pale
violet. Growing among low scrub, on ridges (5383.) On damp
places in open (5449.) Common at high elevations.

Distrib.—India, Sumatra, China, Australia.

B. ponerroiia, Bece. Malesia, 1. 244.

Gunong Tahan, 3,300 ft. Flowers and bracts white, petals tinted
on edges pale blue. (5230.) Usually with the last.

Distrib.—Malay Peninsula, Borneo.

XYRIDACE.E.
XYRIS GRANDIS, 2. sp. (p. 832).
Herba valida: foliis magnis late ensiformibus acuminatis equit-
antibus subcoriaceis, 24 poll. longis, # poll. latis. Scapus brevior,

19 poll. longus, teres. Capitulum obovatum magnum 3 poll. in

diametro. Bracteeze exteriores lanceolate acute 3 poll. longe,

atrobrunnee lucide. Sepala 3 inequalia, lanceolata acuta carti-
laginea atrobrunnea. Petala 3 cuneato-oblonga, marginibus lace-
ratis, flava. Stamina oblonga glabra. Stylus cum brachiis 3
elongatis extrusis.

Gunong Tahan, 3,300 ft. Flowers yellow, leaves green tinted with
red, brown at the base. (6341.)

This is the finest Xyris I know; the great sword-like leaves recall
those of Cladium Maingayi, C. B. Clarke, of Mt. Ophir, and
are quite unlike those of any other species.

X. Rrp.eyi, Rendle, in Journ. Bot. xxxvii. (1899) 505.

Gunong Tahan, 5,000-6,000 ft., in damp places on rocks. Flowers
bright cadimium-yellow, turmmg white. (5450.)

Distrib.-—Kedah Peak.

The original specimen from Kedah Peak is somewhat taller with
slightly larger heads, but the plants from the two localities
ure evidently conspecific (A. B. R.).

ARACES.
Scinpapsus Scortecuinnu, Hook. fil., Fl. Brit. Ind. vi. 541 (p. 882):

Gunong Tuhan, 3,300 ft., climbing on trees. Whole flower pale
yellow. (5307.)

Distrib.—Common in all the hill districts in the Peninsula.

ERIOCAULONACEE,
ERIOCAULON MACROPHYLLUM, Ruhl., in Engl. Pflanzenr., E'rioc. 77
(p. 332).
Gunong Tahan, 5,000-5,000 ft. Flower-heads greyish-white. (5510.)
I take this to be a form of the Javan plant described by Ruhland,
but have seen no type. Plants collected by Horsfield at Rawa
Diyang seem to be the same thing.
139

GYMNOSPERM.
CONIFER,

AGATHIS LORANTHIFOLIA, Salisb., in Trans. Linn. Soc. viti. (1807) 312
(p. 352).

Gunong Tahan, 5,000-6,000 ft. Tree from 365-40 feet high, in
sheltered gullies. (5488.)

Distrib.--Malay Peninsula and Archipelago.
Dacrypium ELATUM, Wall. ex Hook., Lond. Journ. Bot. ii. (1843) 144:
(p. 833).
Gunong Tahan, 3,300 ft. Tree 60-80 feet tall. (5380.)

Distrib.— Common at high altitudes inthe Peninsulaand Archipelago.

Popocarpus cupressina, Rh. Br. ex Mirb., in Mém. Mus. Par, xiii.
(1825) 75 (p. 338).
Gunong Tahan, 3,300 ft. Tree 50-60 feet high. (5354.)
Distrib—Common at such altitudes in the Peninsula and Islands.
P. practeata, Blume, Enum. 1. 88.
Gunong Tahan, 5,000-6,000 ft. Tree 20 feet high, branches at right
angles to the stem. (5452.)

Distrib\— Not previously recorded from the Malay Peninsula ; Java.

PTERIDOPHYTA.

(With A. GEPP, M.A., F.L.S.)
GLEICHENJA DIcARPA, LR. Br., Prodr. 161 (p. 333).
Gunong Tahan, 4,000-5,000 ft. (5407.)
G. Norrisit, Mett. ex Kuhn, in Linnea, xxxvi. (1869-70) 165.
Gunong Tahan, 3,300 ft.; climbing fern. Leaves bluish-white
beneath. (5358.)

CraTHEA BRUNONIS, Wall. ex Hook., Sp. Fil. 1.15 (p. 338),
Gunong Tahan. (5379.)
Ausopuina Kina, C. B. Clarke, ex Bedd. Hundb. Ferns Brit. Ind. 475
(p. 333).
Gunong Tahan, 3,300 ft. Tree-fern, stem abont 4 feet high. (5425.)
Martonia pectinata, R, Br., in Wall. Pl. Asiat. Rar. 1. t. 16 (p. 333),
Gunong Tahan, 3,300 ft. (5351.)
LECANOPTERIS CARNOSA, Blume, Enum. Pl. Jav. 120 (p. 833).
Gunong Tahan, 4,000-5,000 ft.; growing on trees on ridges. (5389.)
HYMENOPHYLLUM POoLyANTHOS, Sw., in Schrad. Journ. 1800, 102

(p. 833).
Gunong Tahan, 3,300 ft. ; growing in damp places on trees. (5422.)
140

‘TRICHOMANES PALLIDUM, Blume, Enum. Pl. Jav. 225 (p. 388).
Gunong Tahan, 5,000-6,000 ft. ; on damp shady rocks. (5474.)
T’.. piarratum, Sw., Syn. Fil. 370, 422.
Gunong Tahan, 4,000-5,000 ft. ; growing on rocks. Pale olive-green.
(5401.)
T’.. Puuma, Hool-., Ic. P71. t. 997.
Gunony Tahan, 3,300-5,000 ft.
TRICHOMANES APIIFOLIUM, Presl, Hymenoph. 16, 44 (p. 334).
Gunong Tahan, 3,300 ft. ; growing in damp places. (5421.)
'T. nabiIcans, Su, iv Schrud. Journ. 1800, 97.
Gunong Tahan, 3,300 ft.; growing in damp places. (5419.) Specimen
im very shrivelled condition, but apparently this species.

Humara pepata, J. Smith, in Hook. Journ. Bot. iii. (1841) 416

(p. 834).
Gunong Tahun, 5,000-6,000 ft.; growing on trees. (5437, 5472.)
DAaVALLIA PINNATA var. GRAcILIS, Hook. and Bak. Syn. Fil. 98
(p. 334).
Gunong Tahan, 3,300 ft.
Linpsaya ricipa, J. Smith, lc. 415 Cp. ddd).
(5547.)

(5359, 5885.)

(5877.)

Gunong Tahan, 5,000 ft.

L. cutrrara, Su., Syn. Fil. 119.
Gunong Tahan, 5,000-5,500 ft.; on rocks. (5521.)

L. scanDEns, Hook., Spec. Fil. 1. 205.
Gunong Tahan, 3,300 ft. ; climbing fern on trees. (5368, 5418.)
L. FLABELLULATA, Dryand., tu Trans. Linn. Soc. iit. (1797) 41.
Gunong Tahan, 3,300 ft. (5372.)
LL. pivercens, Wall. ex Hook. & Grev. Ic. Fil. t. 226.
Gunong Tahan, 3,300 ft. (5373.)
OLEANDRA NERUFORMIS, Cav., ie Anal. Hist. Nut. 1. (1799) 116
(p. 334).
Gunong Tahan, 3,300 ft.; climbing fern. (5357.)
Dirrerts Horsriztpu, Bedd., Ferns Brit. Ind. t. 321 (p. 384),
Gunong Tahan, 3,300 ft. (5350.)
PoLyvopium nirtum, Hook., Spec. Fil. iv. 170 (p. 384).
Gunong Tahan, 5,000-6,000 ft. ; growing on trees. (5478.)
P. STREPTOPHYLLUM, Baker, in Journ. Bot. xvii. (1879) 42.
Gunong Tahan, 4,000-5,000 ft.; growing on rocks. (5394.)
P. cucutLatum, Nees & Blume, in Nova Acta, xi. (1828) 121.
Gunong Tahan, 5,000-5,500 ft.; om rocks. (5522.)

 
141

P, venuLosum, Blume, num. Pl. Jav, 128.
Gunong Tahan, 5,000-6,000 ft. ; growing on trees, (5463.)
P. (Phymatodes) stenopuyitium, Blume, Hnnm. Pl. Jav, 124.
Gunong Tahan, 4,000-5,000 ft. ; growing on trees. (5386.)
Potypopium Wray, Baker, in Journ. Bot. xxv. (1887) 206 (p. 33d).
Gunong Tahan ; growing on rocks at 5,000-6,000 ft. (5494.)
P. tactniatum, Blume, Enum. Pl. Jav. 181.
Gunovg Tahan, 5,000-6,000 ft. ; growing on damp rocks. (5459.)
Vitraria FALCATA, Kunze, in Bot. Zeit. vi. (1848) 198 (p. 335).
Gunong Tahan, 3,300 ft.; growing on trees. (5301.)
THNITIS BLECHNOIDES, Sw., Syn. Fil. pp. 24, 220 (p. 835).
Gunong Tahan, 3.300 ft.; growing on the ground. (5345.)
ELAPHOGLOSSUM LATIFOLIUM, J. Smith, in Hook. Lond. Journ. Bot. 1.
(1842) 197 (p. 885). .
Gunong Tahan, 5,000-6,000 ft.; growing on trees. (5464.)
SCHIZHA MALACCANA, Baker, Syn. Fil. 428 (p. 835).
Gunong Tahan, 4,000-5,000 ft.; growing on the ground and on trees.
(5403.)
LycopopiuM CASUARINOIDES, Spring, Monogr. Lycop. i. 94 (p. 385).
Gunong Tahan, 4,000-5,000 ft.; climbing among high bushes, ete.
(5398.)
L. NUMMULARIFOLIUM, Blume, Enum. Pl. Jav. i. 263.
Kuala Teku, 500-1,000 ft. (5541.)
SELAGINELLA PLUMOSA, Baker, iv Journ. Bot. xxi. (1883) 144 (p. 835).
Gunong Tahan, 3,300 ft.; growing on the earth in jungle. (5361.)
8. Waxuicui, Spring, Monogr. Lycop. ii. 143.
Gunong Tahan, 3,300 ft. Stalks dull red. (5414.)
S. ATROVIRIDIS, Spring, l. ce. 124.
Gunong Tahan, 3,300 ft. Green, stalks dull red. (5366.)

BRYOPHY'TA.
(By A. GEPP, M.A, F.L.8.)
SPHAGNUM JUNGHUHNIANUM, Doz. & Molk., Bryol. Jav. i. 27 (p. 33d).
Gunong Tahan, 6,000 ft. Pale green, the tops pale reddish-brown.
(5435. )

EvcamMpTropon mAcrocaLyx, C. Miill., Syn. Muse. i. 346 (p. 839).
Gunong Tahan, 5,000-5,500 ft.; growing on 5527 (Eria teretifolia).

LevcoBRyUM CHLOROPHYLLOsUM, C. Miill., Syn. Muse. ii. 585 (p. 880).
Gunong Tahan, 3,300 ft.; growing on trees. (5420.)
142

'TRICHOSTELEUM SCABRELLUM, Jaeg. & Sauerb., Sy. & Gen. Muse. 11.
484 (p. 335).
Gunong Tahan, 3,300 ft.; growing on sinall tree. (5417.)
Myropenpron pivaricatum, Lindb., in Ofe. Vet.-Akud. Férh. Stockh.
xvili. 1861 (1862) 375 (p. 336).
Gunong Tahan, 5.000-6,000 ft. Fruit yellowish. (5490.)
MasTiGoBryuM, sp. (p. 386).
Gunong Tahan, 3,300 ft. (5374.)
Lepipozia WaLLicHiana, Gottsche, Syn. Hepat. 204 (p. 386).
Gunong Tahan, 3,300 ft.; on dead tree. Delicate pale green.
(5360.)
LICHENKS.
(By Miss A. Lorrain SMItu, F.L.s.)

‘STEREOCAULON CORALLOIDES, Fries, Sched. Crit. iv. 24, var. (p. 836).
Gunong Tahan, 3,300 ft. ; growing amongst moss. Colour very pale
sea-green. (5348.)
Usnea pasypoca, Nyl. ex Stiz. in St. Gall. Nat. Ges. (1876) 202
(p. 336).
Gunong Tahan, 3,300 ft. ; growing un branches of trees. Dull; very
pale green. (5353.)
CLADONIA MACILENTA, Hoffm. Deutschl. Fl. 126 (p. 356).
Gunong Tahan, 4,000-5,000 ft.; on trees. Pale dull green; fruiting
tops bright red. (5402.)
C. RANGIFERINA, Hoffm., 1. ¢. 114.
Gunong Tahan, 5,000 ft.; growing on the ground. White, slightly
tinged with green. (5331.)

FUNGI
(By Miss A. Lorrain SMITH, F.L.S.)

Hexacoxia TENuIS, Fries, Epicr. 498 (p. 336).
Gunong Tahan, 3,300 ft.; on dead wood. Shaded with warm brown
above, brown powdered with white beneath. (5423.)

LAcHNOCLADIUM BRASILIENSE, Sace., Syll. Funy. vi. 7388 (p. 336).
Gunong Tahan, 3,300 ft.; on dead wood. Very palebrown. (5416.)
Panvs, ap. (p. 336).
Gunong Tahan, 3,300 ft.; on dead wood. White shaded with warm
brown above, pure white beneath. (5310.)
CLAVARIA FUSIFORMIS, Sowerby, Engl. Fungi, t. 234 (p. 386).

Gunong Tahan, 3,300 ft.; growing among moss, etc. Whole plant
ochre-yellow. (5346.)
143

NEW MAMMALS FROM THE MALAY PENINSULA
REGION.

By C. BODEN KLOSS, F.z.s.,

CURATOR, SELANGOR STATE MUSEUM.

TN the collections of the Selangor State Museum there are examples
of several Mammals from the Peninsular Region! which have not

hitherto received the recognition that the distinctness of their char-

acters requires. Descriptions of four of them are now published.

PARADOXURUS (HERMAPHRODITUS) MILLER, sp, nov,

Type.—Adult female (skin and skull), No. 2821/07, Selangor
Museum. Collected on Tioman Island, East Coast, Malay Peninsula,
9th October, 1907, by H. C. Robinson. Original number 18.

CHARACTERS.—Smaller than Paradoxurus hermaphroditus and
paler throughout, with brown, not black, markings. Dorsal stripes
practically obsolete and upper proximal half of tail ike back except
mesially,

Cotour.—General colour above a pale silvery drab-grey, slightly
suffused with pale-buff posteriorly: hairs with ashy-brown bases and
brown tips. Dorsal region with irregular rows of undefined brown
spots, forming on back of neck an indistinct dull mottling and dis-
appearing on sides with which chest and abdomen are concolorous.
Centre of abdomen suffused with buff. Limbs brown, slightly griz-
zled with silvery except on feet. Muzzle, below eyes, cheeks, chin
and throat, crown, ears and behind ears, brown; crown and throat
erizzled. A distinct pale brow-band which extends below ears to
sides of neck. A few white hairs below eyes and.on chin. Proximal
half of tail like rump above, buffy below; distal portion blackish-
brown, extending towards the base along the median line of the dorsal
surface: extreme base of tail below grizzled brown.

SkuLL anp TeErH.—When compared with skulls of Paradoxurus
hermaphroditus from the Peninsula that of P. milleri shows several
essential differences. ‘The least breadth between the maxillaries on
the rostrum is much greater, while the posterior extension of the
maxillaries is less: the constriction behind the post-orbital processes
commences more suddenly and is far shorter, giving increased length
to the brain-case. There is a far greater posterior extension of the
palate; the audital bulle are less dilated and truncated, but are
somewhat flattened on the outer sides, while the anterior extremities
are elongated into distinct spinous processes. Viewed laterally the
upward flare or curvature of the zygomatic arches is much less
pronounced. The teeth are too worn for comment.

 

Post, p. 147,
J44

MuasuREMENTs.—Collector's external measurements: head and
body, 495 (533)!; tail, 432 (452); hind-foot, 72 (111); ear, 45 (44).
Cranial measurements: greatest length. 100 (113): basal length, 95
(105.5); henselion tu posterior edge of bony palate, 44 (48.5): dis-
tance from transverse line joining posterior edge of last molars to end
of bony palate, 7 (4.5); posterior extension of maxillary to posterior
surface of postorbital process on rostrum, 10.5 (8.5); constriction in
front of postorbital processes, 18 (20.5): constriction behind postor-
bital processes, 11 (12.5): least breadth between external edges of
frontal bone on rostrum, 8 (6.5) ; zygomatic breadth, 59 (67).

SPECIMENS EXAMINED.—One, the type.

Remargs.—The principal characters of this musang, as exhibited
in an adult female obtained on Tioman Island by Messrs. Abbott and
Kloss in 1899, were first noted by Mr. Gerrit S. Miller (Proc. Wash-
ington Acad. Sei., 1900, p. 228), after whoin, now that its distinctness
has been proved by the two further examples taken by Mr. H. C.
Robingon (one in the British and one in the Selangor Museum), I
have much pleasure in naming the species.

SCIURUS (BILIMITATUS) MICRORHYNCHUS, sp. nor.
Sciurus bilimitatuz, Miller; Smith. Misc. Coll., vol. yxv., p. 8 (part).

vow

Type.—Adult male (skull and skin), No. 2575/07, Selangor
Museum. Collected on Tioman Island, Southern China Sea, 14th
October, 1907, by H. C. Robinson. Original number 69.

CuaractErs.—Generally resembles Sciurus bilimitatus, Miller,
(type from Trengganu), but sinaller and duller; skull less robust with
rostral region slenderer.

CoLovr.—Upper surface a fine speckle of black and pale buff, the
latter slightly brighter and somewhat in excess on top of faee,
sides of neck, shoulders, thighs and feet. Ears, a ring round eyes,
cheeks muzzle and chin ochraceous. Under-parts grizzled bluish-grey.
Ventral area tinged ochraceous. Tail, above coarsely annulated black
and buff-white, forming distinct bands on terminal portion; below
yellower. Sides striped whitish buff and black.

SKULL.—As in Scrurus bilimitatus, but with proportionately slen-
derer rostrum; the greatest combined breadth of the nasal bones
being decidedly less than half their median length, while in Sciurus
bilimitatus they are uever less than half. The audital bulle are
perhaps a little narrower and the basioccipal a trifle broader.

SeasuREMENTs.—Collector’s external measurements: head and
body, 143; tail, 155; hind-foot, 39; ear, 18. Cranial measurements ;
greatest length, 47; basal length, 38; zygomatic breadth, 28.5; cranial
breadth, 22; palatal length, 20; diastema, 12; upper tooth-row, 9:

 

' Measurements in parentheses are those of an adult male, Puradoaurus
hermaphroditue, from Kuala Kangear, Perak (8. M. No. 1257/08).

 
145

median length of nasals, 14; greatest breadth of both nasals, 6.75 :
interorbital breadth, 17. :

SPECIMENS EXAMINED.——Three from the type locality.

Remarxs.—An insular form somewhat smaller than that occurring
on the adjacent mainland, and further characterised by slightly paler
and blner colouration, slenderer rostrum and generally less robust skull.

MUS (SURIFER) MICRODON, sp, nov.

Typr.—Adult female (skin and skull), No. 2549/07, Selangor
Museum. Collected at Juara Bay, Tioman Island, 14th September,
1907, by E. Semmund. Original number 57.

Cuaracters.—Like Mus surifer but more tawny: centre of abdo-
men washed with buff-ochraceous; a tawny band across chest and
white of under-parts not continued to hind-foot. Skull like that of
the mainland race but with longer nasals, Jachrymal bones more
developed and palatal foramina larger. Molars greatly reduced in size.

Cotour.—Above ochraceous-tawny, plentifully sprinkled with a
black element which is strongest down the centre of the back, where it
forms almost a dark stripe expanding on the rnmp. Checks, sides of
neck, back of neck behind ears, shoulders, thighs and sides along the
line of demarcation almost clear tawny. Under-parts white except the
chest, which is crossed by a band of pale tawny about 18 m.m. wide,
and the fore and hind legs, which are completely encircled with the
same colour, extending almost to their junction with the trunk. Centre
of abdomen washed with clear buff (in some specimens deep ochrace-
ous). Upper surfaces of feet whitish. Tail bicolored with terminal
portion white.

SkuLL anp Tereru.—The skull does not differ consistently from
typical surifer except in the larger rostrum, broader palatal foramina
and inter-pterygoid space. The mandible is, however, less robust, and
the crowns of all the molars are much reduced, the last upper molar in
the insular animal being scarcely half the area of the same tooth
in skulls of equal size from the Peninsula.

MerasvreMeEntTS.—Collector’s external measurements of type: head
and body, 178; tail, 163; hind-foot, 38; ear, 25. Cranial measure-
ments of type: greatest length, 45; basal length, 35.5; palatal length,
19.5; breadth between anterior molars, 4.75; length of palatal fora-
mina, 7; breadth of combined foramina, 4; diastema, 12.75; length
of molar-row, 6.5; length of nasals, 17.5; interorbital breadth, 7;
cranial breadth, 16.

Measurements of an adult. male from the type locality: (Sel. Mus.
No. 2551/07). Head and body, 180 (200)!; tail, 190 (190) ; hind-foot,
40 (40); car, 24. Cranial measurements: greatest length, 46.5
(46.5) ; palatal length, 21 (20.5); diastema, 18.5 (18.25); length of

1 Measurements in parentheses those of an adult male, Sel. Mus. No, 2490 07,
from the Sembrong River, East Johore,

 
146

upper molar-row, 6.7 (7); length of lower molar-row, 6.5 (7) ; length
of palatal foramina, 6.75 (6.5); combined breadth of foramina, 4.75
(3.75); breadth of palate between anterior molars, 5 (5); medium
length of nasals, 18.5 (17); interorbital breadth, 7.75 (7); cranial
breadth, 17 (17.5) ; zygomatie breadth, 20 (20).

SPECIMENS EXAMINED.—KHight from the type locality.

Remarxs.—This insular form is strikingly characterised by the
great reduction that has taken place in the crowns of the molars,
The change, however, does not yet appear to have affected the roots of
the teeth, although the smaller size of the molar-row, combined with
the broader foramina and inter-pterygoid space, causes the palate to
appear wider: the mandible also, though proportionately less robust.
and powerful, and with the various processes somewhat atrophied, is
not reduced in length. Compensation for these diminutions has been
given in the form of a larger and heavier rostrum.

MUS VILLOSUS, sp. nov.

Typr.—Adult male (skin and skull), No. 1348/08, Selangor Museum.
Collected in the Botanical Gardens, Singapore, 12th July, 1908, by
C. Boden Kloss.

Cuaracters.—A large member of the Mvellert group, externally
somewhat like Mus validus, Miller, but smaller, duller and less shaggy,
and with colour of under-parts distinctly margined on sides. Fur long
and moderately soft, devoid of spines, but thickly sprinkled with
long coarse bristles. The skull like that of Mus validus except that
the audital bulle are exceedingly large and dilated, most nearly
resembling in this respeet that of the smaller Mus annandalei, Bonh.

Corour.—General colour above a grizzle of black and deep buff
(pale ochraceous buff), darker posteriorly owing to the prevalence
of the long black-tipped bristles which are everywhere present and
which attain on the rump to a length of 40 mm. Sides and limbs
paler and duller, due to the grey under-fur showing through and
to the absence of dark annulations to the hairs. Top of head and
face and also below eye blackish, distinetly darker than cheeks and
neck. Below pure buffy-white, sharply separated from the upper-parts,
extending to the wrists and to the upper lip behind and. belew
whiskers, but not to the ankles which are like the outer side of thigh.
Along the sides of the abdomen a narrow stripe about 4 m.m, broad of
pure buff. Hands and feet clothed with short dark-brown hairs.
In males a brown prescrotal patch. Tail stout and unicolour, black,
longer than head and body. Ear rounded.

Sxuxuzy.—Skull hike that of Mus validus, but less robust and
slenderer. Audital bulle deeper anteriorly than posteriorly : much
larger, rounder and more dilated than those of any other local rat.

MEaAsvuREMENTS.—Collector’s external measurements: head and
hody, 222; tail, 251; hind-foot, 41; ear, 23. Cranial measurements ;
147

ereatest length, 52; basal length, 45; palatal length, 25; least palatal
breadth, 4.75; diastema, 15; length of upper molar-row, 9; length of
palatal foramina, 8.25; combined breadth of foramina, 3.25; median
length of nasals, 20; interorbital breadth, 7; cranial breadth, 18;
zygomatic breadth, 24; greatest length of bulle, 8.5; greatest depth of
bulle from highest point in inferior edge of squamous bone, 9;
anterior breadth of basi-occipital, 5 m.m.

SPECIMENS EXAMINED.—Four, all from Singapore Island.

Remarxs.—Though allied to Mus validus this rat may be im-
mediately distinguished by the abruptness of the line of demarcation
between the colours of the sides and abdomen. Its skull notably
differs in the larger bulle and less developed post-orbital ridges.

A PROVISIONAL LIST OF THE MAMMALS OF THE
PENINSULAR REGION.

By C. BODEN KLOSS.

ee last and most complete account of the Mammals of the Malay

Peninsula previously drawn up was that of Mr. Stanley 8. Flower
(P.Z.S., 1900, pp. 338-851), in which about one hundred and forty
species are recorded from our area. The work of naturalists during
the last ten years, during which period there has been a great revival
of interest in the Zoology of the Peninsula, has added considerably to
the amount, which has been further mereased by the discovery of a
number of geographical races in the adjacent small islands that had
hitherto remained unvisited, so that at the moment of writing, and
disregarding reports shortly forthcoming on recent collections, the
maimmal fauna is now swollen to a total of nearly two hundred and
twenty.

The Peninsular Region as treated here may be defined as contain-
ing the Malay Peninsula south of the Isthmus of Kra and all the
small islands closely adjacent, of which the principal are :—Junkceylon,
the entire Langkawi group, Penang, Pulo Jarak, Singapore, the Tioman
and Tinggi chains, the Redangs and the group of islands off the Ban-
don Bight: but not the Rhio Archipelago, the fauna of which is more
nearly related elsewhere than to the Peninsula.

OrpER PRIMATES.
APES, MONKEYS AND LEMURS.

J. Symphalangus sp. 8. - Macaca fascicularis ( Raffles).
2. Hylobates lar (Linn.). 9. Macaca nemestrina (Linn.).
3. Hylobates agilis, F. Cuvier. 9a. Macaca nemestrina adusta,
4, Presbytes cristatus (Rafles). Miller.

5. Presbytes obscurus (Reid). 10. Macaca rufescens, Anderson.
6. Presbytes femoralis (Horsf.). | 11. Nycticebus malayanus
7- Presbytes albocinereus (Anderson).

(Cantor).
12.
13.
14.
15.
16.
17.
18.
ww.
20.
P.

Jie.

45.
46.
47,
48.
49,

62.
62a.

148

: Orver CARNIVORA.
CATS, CIVETS, MONGOOSES, DOGS, MARTENS, WEASELS, OTTERS AND BEARS.

Felis tigris, Linn.
Felis pardus, Linn.
Felis nebulosa, Griffith.
Felis marmorata, Martin.
Felis bengalensis, Kerr.
Felis temmincki, Vig. & Horsf.
Felis planiceps, Vig. & Horsf.
Viverra zibetha, Linn.
Viverra megaspila, Blyth.
Viverra tangalunga, Gray.
Viverricula
Gmel.
Hemigale hardwickii (Gray).
Prionodon maculosus,

Blanford.
Paradoxurus hermaphrodi-
- tus, Pallas.
Paradoxurus hermaphrodi-

tus macrodus, Gray.

Paradoxurus (hermaphrodi-
tus) millen, Kloss.

Paradoxurus niger, Desm.

malaceensis,—

28.
29,
30,

31.
32.

Qa
3.

3.
35.
361
87.
| 38.
| 39.

40,

41.
42,
43.
| 44,

 

Paradoxurus minor,

Bonhote.
Paradoxurus leueomystax

(Gray).
Paradoxurus leucomystax

robustus, Miller.
Arctogalidia leueotis, Blyth.
Avetogalidia major, Miller.
Aretictis binturong (Raffles).
Cynogale bennetti, Gray.
Herpestes mango (@iel.).
Herpestes brachyurus, Gray.
Herpestes javanicus(Geoffr.).
Cyon rutilans (S. Miill.).
Mustela flavigula penin-

sularis, Bonhote.

Putorius nudipes
Cuvier).

Lutra cinerea, Illiger.

Lutra sumatrana, Gray.

Lutra macrodus, Gray.

Ursus malayanus, Raffles.

(F.

OrpER UNGULATA.

ELEPHANTS, RHINOCEROSES, TAPIRS, CATTLE, GOATS, DEER,
MOUSE-DEER AND PIGS,

Elephas maximus, Linn.
Rhinoceros sondaicus, Cur.
Rhinoceros stunatrensis, Cav.
Tapirus indicus, Cuv.

Bos gaurus hubbacki,
Lydel-ker.

Bos sondaicus butleri,
Lydekker.

Nemorhedus swettenhami,
Butler.

Cervulus muntjac grandi-
cornis, Lydekker.

Cervus unicolor equinus,
Cuv.

 

54. Tragulus canescens, Miller.

55. Tragulus (canescens) wm-
brinus, Miller.

56. Tragulus (canescens) rufu-
lus, Miller

57. Tragulus ravus, Miller.

58. Tragulus (ravus) laneuven-
sis, Miller.

59, ‘Tragulus (ravus) ravulus,
Miller.

60. Sus jubatus, Miller.

60a. Sus (jubatus) jubatulus,
Miller.

61. Sus peninsularis, Miller.

Orpen RODENTIA.
SQUIRRELS, RATS, BAMBOO-RATS AND PORCU PINES,

Petaurista melanotus, Gray.

Petaurista (melanotus) teru-
taus, Miller.}

63,

64.

Petaurista punetata (Gray).

Jomys horsfieldi ( Water-
house).

 

1 The validity of forms marked a appears to be questionable.

Sub-species are

indicated by trinomials but insular races have the typical specific name placed in
parentheses,
68.

69.
69a.

ie

88.

89,
Sou.
90.

91.
92.

L-L9

SQUIRRELS, RATS,
Iourys davisoni (Thomas).
Pteromyscis pulverulentus

(Giiuth.).

Sciuropterus tephromelas
(Giiuth.).
Seiuropterus

Blyth.
Ratufa melanopepla, Miller.
Ratufa (melanopepla)

tiomanicus, Miller.

Ratufa affinis (Rafiles)
Ratufa affinis aureiveuter,

(Geof).

Ratufa pyrsonota, Miller.
Sciurus prevosti, Desn.
Sciurus prevosti humei,

Bonhote.

Seiurus hippurus, Js. Geofr.

Sciurus castanevventris
eriseopectus, Blyth.

Sciurus castaneoventris
rubeculus, Miller.

Seiurus erythraeus, Pallas.

Sciurus caniceps, Gray.

Sciurus (caniceps) lancaven-
sis, Miller.

Sciurus (caniceps) adangen-
sis, Miller.

Seiuus caniceps  epomor-
phus, Bonhote.
Sciurus caniceps

Blyth.

Sciurus bilimitatus, Miller.

Sciurus (bilunitatus) micro-
rhynchus, Kloss.

Sciurus vittatus, Rafles,

spadiceus,

concolor,

Sciurus (vittatus) tenui-
rostris, Miller.

Sciurus (vittatus )
permangilensis, Miller.

Sciurus (vittatus) aoris,
Miller.

Sciurus tenuis, Horsf.
Sciurus tenuis surdus, Miller.

Sciurus. tenuis tahan,
Bonhote.

Seiurus robinsoni, Borhote.

Sciurus macclellandi
noventlineatus, Miller. °

Sept., 1908,

|
|
|

 

93.
D4.
95.

96,

97.
98.

100.

101.
102.

| 123.

12384.
124.

125,

BAMBOO-RATS AND PORCUPINES  (cont.)

Frnambulus jalorensis,
Bonhote.

Funambulus jalorensis pe-
ninsule, Miller.

Funambulus rufigenis bel-
tieldi, Bonhote.

Rhinoseciurus tupaioides,
Gray.

Bhinosciurus, sp.

Rhivosciurus robinseni,
Thomas.

Hapalomys lougicaudatus,
Blyth.

Chiropodumys gliroides,
Blyth.

Mus vociferans, Miller.

Mus (vociferans) lancaven-
sis, Miller. ;

Mus (vociferans) strideus,
Miller.

Mus ciliatus, Bonhote.

Mus surifer, Miller.

Mus (surifer)  flavidulus,
Miller.

Mus (surifer) butangensis,

- Miller.

Mus (surfer) microdon,
Kloss.

Mus pellax, Miller.

Mus jerdoni bukit, Bonhole.

Mus cremoriventer, Miller.

Mus asper, Miller.

Mus klossi, Bonhote.

Mus inas, Bonhote.

Mus ferreocanus, Miller.

Mus validus, Miller.

Mus villosus, Aloss.

Mus annandalei, Bonhote.

Mus jalorensis, Bonhote.

Mus (jalorensis) jarak,
Bonhote.

Mus (jalorensis) tiomani-
cus, Miller.

Mus (jalorensis) pannusus,
Miller.

Mus.concolor, Blyth.

Mus pullus, Afi/ler.

Mus rufescens, Gray.

“Mus griseiventer, Bonhote.
186.
127.
128.
129.

137.
138.

139.
140.
141.

J42.

14.

208.
209.

20.

150

SQUIRRELS. RATS. BAMBOO-RATS AND PORCUPINES—(cont.)

Mus decumanus, Pallas. | 132.
Mus musculus. Linu.
Gunoniys varius, Thomas. 133.
Gunomyvs varus varillus.
Thomas. 134.
Rhizomys sumatrensis
(Rafiles). 135
“Acanthion brachvurum
(Linn.). 136

Atherurus
(Linn.).
Atherurus (amacrourus) zy-
gcomaticus, Miller.

Atherurus (macrourus) tio-
nis, Thomas.

Atherurus (uwacrourus)
terutaus, Lyon.

Trichvs lipuva, Giinther.

Mavcrourus

Orprer INSECTIVORA,

TREE-SHREWS, GYMNURAS, SHREWS AND FLYING-LEMURS.

Tupaia ferrugimea, Rajjles. | 145.

Tupaia ferruginea belan- ; 146.
geri, Wagn.

Tupaia (ferruginea) sordi- | 146a.

da, Miller. 147.
Tupaia (ferruginea)
pulonis, Miller. 148.
Tupaia malaccana,
Andersou. ' 149,
Ptilocercus lowi, Gray.
Gvymuura_ rafiiesi, 150.
Vig. aud Horsf.
Hylomys. suillus, 161.

Mill. and Schleg.

Crocidura murina (Linn.).

Crocidura murina cerulea
(Kerr).

Crocidura fuscipes, Peters.

Crocidura fuliginosa
(Blyth).

Galeopterus temminceki,
Waterhouse.

Galeopterus — (temmuncki)
pumilus (Miller).
Galeopterus (temmincki)

aonis (Miller).
Galeopterus (temmincki)
taylor, Thomas.

OrperR CHIROPTERA.

BATS (152-207.)

(Vide post pp. 151-161.)

OrverR CETACEA.

WHALES, DOLPHINS AND

Buleenoptera indica, Blyth. | 211.
Physeter macrocephalus, |

Linn. | 212.
Phecana phecanoides,

Cur. 213.

PORPOISES.

Orcella brevirostris
(Owen).

Steno plumbeus,

Dussumier,
Sotahia sinensis (Gmel.).

214. Delphinus delphis (Hratl).
Orver SIRENIA.
DUGONGS,

215, Halicore dugong, Illiger.

ORvVER EDENTATA.

216,

Manis javanica, Deew.
141

A LIST OF THE BATS OCCURRING IN THE
PENINSULAR REGION WITH A KEY TO THE GENERA,
By C. BODEN KLOSS.

O far as I am aware I have enumerated in the following list all the
bats known to us at present from the Malay Peninsula and its
islands. Whilst, however, on the onc hand, further investigation may
prove that two or three of the species included will have to be finally
omitted, continued collecting will undoubtedly result in further
additions to the fauna as we are now acquainted with it, for the
geographical distribution of several species occurring in surrounding
regions indicates that, they should eventually be recorded from the
Peninsula also, where a large extent of country, almost untouched,
may still preserve forms yet undiscovered.

~ he keys given have been compiled with reference to Peninsular

genera only. There is at present nowhere in the Hast any collection

of Malayan ‘bats sufficiently complete to work out upon it a key to the
species.
With regard to the abbreviations used :—

(MiuutER) following generic titles, refers to the most recent work
on the subject. “The Families and Genera of Bats,” by Gerrit 8.
Miller, Jr., 1907.

Buanrorp.—“ The Fauna of British India. Mammalia,” by W. T.
Blanford, 1891.

ve oe Monograph of the Asiatic Chiroptera,” by G. E. Dobson,
1876.

Fas. Mau. Zoot.—* Fasciculi Malayenses,” of N. Annandale and H.
C. Robinson, Zoology, Part 1. Mammals.

P. A. N.S. P.—Proceedings of the Academy of Natural Sciences,

Philadelphia.
P. W. A. 8.—Proceedings of the Washington Academy of Science.
P. Z. S.—Proceedings of the Zoological Society of London.
A. M. N. H.—Annals and Magazine of Natural History, London.
J. A. S. B—Journal of the Asiatic Society of Bengal.
P. A. 8. B.—-Proceedings of the Asiatic Society of Bengal.
J.S. B. R. A. 8.-—Journal, Straits Branch, of the Royal Asiatic Society.
J. F. M. 8. M.—Journal of the Federated Malay States Museums.

CHIROPTERA.
KEY TO THE SUB-ORDERS.

A. Neither nose-leaf nor tragus; margin of ear

forming an unbroken ring; mandible with

angular process practically absent or broad

and low ves a ves .. Megachiroptera.
B. Either nose-leaf or tragus, or both ; margin of

ear interrupted at base; mandible with angu-

lar process well developed, long and narrow Microchiroptera.
s 152
Sun-orpen MEGACHTROPTERA.

Famity PTEROPIDA.,

KEY TO THE SUB-FPAMILIES,
A. Tongue moderate; inner margin of nostril
projecting; upper surface of mandibular
symphysis forming conspicuous angle with
alveolar line... ve oe _
B. Tongue very long; no projecting margin to
nostril; upper surface of mandibular sym-

physis parallel with alveolar line —... .. Kiodotine.

Pteropine.

SUB-FAMILY PTEROPIN AS.
KEY TO THE GENERA.
A. Neck and shoulders much more warmly co-

lonred than rest of back: size larger, head
and body much more than 150 mm. ... Pteropus.
B. Neck and shoulders not more brilliant than
rest of back: size smaller, head and body
always less than 150 inm.
a. Five upper and six lower cheek-teeth aside ouwsettas.
b. Four upper and five lower cheek-teeth aside.
a', Two pairs of lower incisors - w. Cynopterus.
LW), One pair of lower incisors.
o*. Tail present: rostrum nearly straight
ahove .., ves we _ ... Ptenochirus
b?, Tail absent ; rostruni strongly concave
ahove ... i i for .. Megerops.
GENVS PTEROPUS (MILLER, p, 5).
152. Preropus Epunis, Geoff.
Pteropus rampyrus, Linn,
Blanford, p. 259. Dobson, p. 20.
Thronghout the Peninsular area except the islands of Tioman,
Pennangil and Aor.
1520, Preropus niconaricus, Fitzinger.
Blanford, p. 260, Dobson, p- 17.
A female Fruit-bat from Great Redang Island, off Tringanu,
has heen identified by Bonhote (P.Z.S., 1900, p. 875) as
P. nicobariens, and the species is therefore included.
Further confirmation is desired. P. condorensis, Peters,
another dark Fruit-bat, may eventually be discovered.
152). Preropus mMepius, Temi.
Pteropus gigantens, Briimnich.

Blanford, p. 257. Dobson, p. 18.
153

Miller (P.A.N.S.P., 1898, p. 316) doubtfully refers a young
adult female from Trang to this species. Not otherwise
recorded.

153. Preropus (HYPOMELANUS) LEPIDUS, Miller.
Miller, P.W.A.S., 1900, p. 237.
Islands of Tioman, Permangil and Aor,

154. PrEeropus (HYPOMELANUS) TOMESI, Peters,
Tomes, P.Z.S., 1858, p. 536.

A single male in the Selangor Museum from Pulo Runipia,
off the mouth of the Perak River, has been thus identified
by Andersen.

GENts ROUSETTAS (MILLER, p. 54).
155. Rouserras AMPLEXICAUDATA ((Ceoff.).
Xantharpyia amplexicaudata, Blantord, p. 26.
Cynonycteris amplexicaudata, Dobson, p. 29.
The Peninsula.
GENUS CYNOPTERUS (MILLER, p. 47).
156. CyNopTEeRUs monranol, Robin.
Cynopterus marginatus (Geoff.) ; Thomas, P.Z.S., 1886, p. 75;
Blanford, p. 263; Dobson, p. 24.
Cynopterus sphine (Vahl.); Bonhote, P.Z.8., 1900. p. 375;
Fas. Mal. Zool. vol. 1, p. 14.
The Peninsula and Islands.

157. CYNopTERUS ANGULATUS, Miller.
Miller, P.A.N.S.P., 1900, p. 316.

The Peninsula (type from Trang). Doubtfully distinct
from the preceding species: smaller and projection at base
of outer margin of ear poimted.

GExvs PTENOCHIRUS (MILLER, p. 51).
158. Prrnocurirus Lucasi (Dobsouw).
Cynopterus lucasi, Dobson, A.M.N.H., August, 1880, p. 163.
Thomas, A.M.N.H., 1898, p. 361; Bonhote, P.Z.8., 1900, p. 875.
The Peninsula and Singapore.
GENtS MEG/EROPS (MILLER, p. 51).
159. Mreczrops ecaupata (Zemm.).

Cynopterus ecaudatus, Dobson, p. 29; Bonhote, Fas. Mal. Zool.
vol. r., p. 15.

The Peninsula ; Bidor, South Perak.

Sup-Famity KIODOTIN®.
KEY TO THE GENERA.
A. A claw on index-finger; tail rudimentary ... Kiodotus.

B. No claw on index-finger ; tail distinct ... Honyceteris.
154

Genus KIODOTUS (MILLER, p. 70).
l6v. Kiroporus Mintmus (Geoff).
Carponycteris minima, Blanford, p. 265.
Macroglossus minimus, Dobson, p. 34.
Bonhote, P.Z.S., 1900, p. 875; Fas. Mal. Zool. vol. 1., p. 15.

The Peninsula, Patani and North Perak.

GENUS EONYCTERIS (MILLER, p. 69).
lol. Eonycrsris sPEL®A, Dobson.
Blanford, p. 266. Dobson, p. 33.

The Peninsula.

Stn-orp—eR MICROCHIROPTERA.

KEY TO THE PAMILIES.
A. Nose-leaf absent, tragns present.
a, Second bone of middle finger folded back
towards the upper surface of the wing in
repose ; tail perforating its membrane on
the upper surface, or considerably produced
bevond a much truncated membrane .. Emballonuride.
L. Second bone of middle finger extended in
repose: tail contained within membrane or

very little produced beyond it... .. Vespertilionide.
B. Nose-leaf present.
«. Tragns absent ve ves ves ... Rhinolophide.
}. Tragus present ai oe a w. Nycteridar.

Famity EMBALLONURID~.

KEY TO THE SUB-FAMILIES.
A. Tail slender, much longer than the slender

legs and emerging above near the margin

of the narrow membrane; index finger

with two distinct joints; upper incisors

weak ; postorbital processes absent vw. Rhinoponiue.
Bb. Tail slender, much shorter than the slender

lees and emerging above near the centre

of the broad membrane; index finger

with no joint ; upper incisors weak ; postor-

bital processes present... we Luballonurine.
©. Tail stout, not shorter than the stout legs and

produced far beyond the inembrane, which

it leaves at the margin; index finger with

one indistinct jomt ; upper incisors strong :

postorbital processes absent he ... Molossiner.
5
Svs-FAMILY RHTNOPOMIN JE.
Gents REINOPOMA (MILLER, p. 81).
162. RHINOPOMA MICROPHYLLUM, Geoff.
Blanford, p. 351. Dobson, p. 174.
Rhinopoma hardwickii, Gray ; Cantor, J.A.8.B., 1846,

The Peninsnla, Ghirbi.

Sun-raMILy EMBALLONURIN JE.
KBY TO THE GENERA.
A. Two pairs of upper and three pairs of lower

incisors; size smaller, head and body less
than 50 mm. ... oe see - .. Hinballonura.

B. One pair of upper and two pairs of lower
incisors; size larger, head and body more

than 75 mm. vee . Tuphozous.

Gexcs EMBALLONURA (MIULER, p. 86).
163. EMBALLONURA PENINSULARIS, Jfiller.
Miller, P.A.N.S-P., 1898, p. 323.
Bonhote, Fas. Mal. Zool., vol. 1, p. 18.
? Emballonura semicaudata, Blanford, p. 345.

The Peninsula and Singapore (type from Trang).

Gexvs TAPHOZOUS (MILLER, p. 98).
164. TAPHOZOUS MELANOPOGON, Temin.

Blanford, p. 347. Dobson, p. 167. Flower, P.Z.8., 1900, p. 54.

The Peninsula; Islands of Langkawi, Penang and Singapore.

165. TapHozous LONGIMANUS, Hardwicke.
Blanford, p. 848. Dobson, p. 170.

Tuphozous longimanus albipennis, Thomas, A.M.N.I1., ser. 7,
vol. 11., p. 246.

The Peninsula.
166. TapHozous saccoLamMus, Ten.
Blanford, p. 350. Dobson, p. 172. Cantor, J.A.S.B., 1846.
The Peninsula, Penang, Singapore.
167. TapHozous AFFINIS, Dobson.

Dobson, A.M.N.H., 1875, p. 282.
Dobson, p. 173.

A single example from Simgapore is recorded by Ridley
(J.S.B.R.A.8., No. 31, p. 104).
156

SuB-FAMILY MOLOSSINA 4S.
KEY TO THE GENERA.

A. Ears more or less united on forehead before
eyes; body-clothed with hair; two pairs of
lower incisors ... wes a4 _ .. Cherephon.

B. Ears widely separated ; body essentially naked ;
one pair of lower incisors... we ..» Cheirvomeles,

Genvs CHE REPHON (MILLER, p. 2+).

168. CuamrREPHON pLicatus (Buchanan).
Nyctinomus plicatus, Blanford, p. 354; Dobson, p. 183.
Nyctinomus tenuis, Horsf., Cantor, J.A.8.B., 1846.

The Peninsula and Singapore.

169. CH®REPHON JOHORENSIS (Dobson).
Dobson, P.A.S.B., Jan., 1878. Dobson, p. 185.

A single specimen is known from South Johore.
Gexus CHEIROMELES (MILier, p. 249),

170. CHEIROMELES TORQUATUS, Horsf. ;
Dobson, p. 177. Flower, P.Z.S., 1900, p. 350.

Peninsula; Singapore and Penang.

Faminry VESPERTILIONID A.

KEY TO THE SUB-FAMILIES,
A. Tail shorter than head and body 600 .. Vespertilioninee,

B. Tail not shorter than head and body ... .. Kerivouline.

SuB-FAMILY VESPERTILIONINAE.
KEY TO THE GENERA,
A. Only one pair of upper incisors a ... Pachyotus.
. B. Two pairs of upper incisors.
a. Upper and lower cheek-teeth six aside... Myotis.
b. Upper and lower check-teeth five aside.
«|, Fifth finger only slightly longer than the
largest bone of fourth and middle
fingers... vee 2 Re ... Plerygistes.
b!. Fifth finger longer than the largest and
next bone together of fourth and middle
fingers.

—
'

«?, Outer upper incisor curved backwards Pipistrellus.

L?, Outer upper incisor curved outwards... Glischropue.
Ge

172.

173.

174.

175.

177.

178.

C

L157

Upper and lower cheek-teeth four and five
aside, respectively.
a', Skull noticeably flattened, occipital depth
less than one-third greatest length ; outer
upper incisor level with inner ... vw. Lylonyecteris.

bl. Skull not noticeably flattened, occipital

depth more than one-third geatest length ;
outer upper mecisor directly behind inner Hesperoptenus.

GENUS PACHYOTUS (MILLER, p. 219).

. Pacuyotus KUHLI (Leach).

Nycticejus kuhli, Blanford, p. 320.
Scotophilus temminekii, Dobson, p. 120.
Peninsula and Islands.

Pacuyorus casTangus (Hors/.).
Nycticejus huhli, Flower, P.Z.S., 1900, p. 346.
Scotophilus castaneus, Bouhote, Fas. Mal. Zool., vol. 1., p. 17.

Peninsula and Penang.

GENS MYOTIS (MILLER, p. 200).
Myotis HASSELTI (Temm.).
Vespertilio hasselti, Blanford, p. 380; Dobson, p. 126.
The Peninsula.

Myoris apversus (fors/.).

Vespertilio adversus, Blanford, p. 330; Dobson, p. 128;
Hanitsch, Rep. Raffles Mus. and Libr., 1897, p. 11.

Singapore.

Myotis oreras (Temm.).
Vespertilio oreias, Dobson, Cat. Chir. B.M., p. 305.

Singapore.

3. Myoris mMuricoua (Zemm.).

Vespertilio muricola, Blanford, p. 337; Dobson, p. 154.
The Peninsula, Penang and Singapore.
Myoris EMARGINATUS (Geof).

Vespertilio emarginatus, Dobson, p. 142. Bonhote, P.Z.S., 1900,
p. 876.

The Peninsula, Biserat (Bonhote).

Genus PTERYGISTES (MILLER, p. 207).
PTERYGISTES NocruLA (Schreb.).
Vesperugo noctula, Blanford, p. 308; Dobson, p. 88.

The Peninsula and Singapore.
KO.

180.

183.

184.

158

Gexvs PIPISTRELLUS (Miner, p. 204).
PIPISTRELLUS ABRAMUS (Temm.).
Vesperugo abramus, Blanford, p. 313; Dobson, p. 97.
The Peninsula, Jalor; Singapore; Penang.
PIPISTRELLUS ImBRICATUS (Horsf.).
Vesperugo imbrieatus, Dobson, p. 93; Flower, P.Z.S., 1900, p. 34.
The Peninsula, Malacca.

. PIPISTRELLUS TENUIS (Temm.).

Vesperugo tenuis, Dobson, p. 98.
Kirivoula tenuis, Cantor, J.A.S.B., 1846.
Penang.

. PIPISTRELLUS RIDLEYI, Thomas.

Thomas, A.M.N.H., ser. 7, vol. 1., p. 361.
Selangor (type from Kepong).
Gexvus GLISCHROPUS (MILLER. p, 205),
GLISCHROPUS TYLoPUS (Dobsou).

Vesperugo tylopus, Debson, P.Z.8., 1875, p. 473. Dobson.
p. 114.

The Peninsula, Jalor (Bonhote, P.Z.S., 1900, p. 876).
GENts TYLONYCTERIS (MILLER, p. 212).
TYLONYCTERIS PACHYPUS (Temim.).
Miller. P.A.N.S.P., 1898, p. 321.
Vesperugo pachypus, Blanford, p. 307 ; Dobson, p. 115.
The Peninsula, Trang (Miller).

GeENts HESPEROPTENUS (MILLER, p. 211).

. HESPEROPTENUS BLANFORDI, Dobson.

Vesperugo blanfordi, Dobson, J.A S8.B., xvi, p. 312; Blanford,
p. 317.

The Peninsula, Selangor, Johore (Anderson, Cat. Mam. Ind.
Mus., pt. 1, p. 133).

. HESPEROPTENUS TOMESI, Thomas.

Thomas, A.M.N.H., ser. 7, vol. xvi., p. 575.
The Peninsula (type from Malacca).

Sup-FamiILty KERIVOULIN UE.

Gents KERIVOULA (MULLER, p. 252).

. Kerivotta picta (Pallas).

Blanford, p. 339. Dobson, p. 146.
Kirivoula picta, Cantor, J.A.S.B., 1846.

The Peninsula ; Penang (Cantor).
159

188. Kertvouna minuta, Miller.
Miller, P.A.N.S.P., 1898, p. 321,

The Peninsula (type from Trang),

189. KerRivovuLa BICcOLoR, Thomas.
Thomas, A.M.N.H., ser. 7, vol. xtv., p. 199.

The Peninsula (type from Jalor).

Famity RHINOLOPHID.

KEY TO THE SUB-PAMILIES.

A. A distinct antitragus markedly separated by

a notch from the outer margin of the ear ;

upper and hinder nose-leaf pointed; six
lower cheek-teeth aside onc “ee we Rhinolophine.

B. A slight antitragus not separated by a notch
from the outer margin of the ear; upper and
hinder nose-leaf not pointed; five lower
cheek-teeth aside aa - ve ... Hipposiderine.

SuB-FAMILY RHINOLOPHIN As.

GENts RHINOLOPHUS (MILUER, p. 108),
190. RHINOLOPHOS MALAYANUS, Bouhote.
Bonhote, Fas. Mal. Zool., vol. 1., p. 15.
Andersen, P.Z.8., 1905, vol. 11., p. 89.

The Peninsula (type from Jalor).

191. RuaINoLoPHUS STHENO, Andersen.
Andersen, P.Z.S., 1905, vol. 11, p. 91.

The Peninsula (type from Selangor) ; Penang Island.

192. RaINOLOPHUS AFFINIS SUPERANS, Andersen.
Andersen, P.Z.S., 1905, vol. 11., p. 104.
Rhinolophus affinis, Horsf. Miller, P.A.N.S.P., 1898, p. 319;
Blanford, p. 274; Dobson, p. 47.

The Peninsula, Trang and Pahang (type).

193. RHINOLOPHUS REFULGENS, Andersen.
' Andersen, P.Z.S., 1905, vol. 11., p. 124.
The Peninsula, Selangor and Perak (type from Gunong Tjau).

194. RuInoLoPHUS MINOR, Horsf,
Blanford, p. 276; Dobson, p. 50.
The Peninsula, Batu Caves, Selangor (Thomas, A.M.N.H.,
ser. 7, vol. 1., p. 361), Biserat (Bonhote, Fas. Mal. Zool.,
vol, r., p» 16).
160

195, RHINOLOPHUS SEDULUS, Audersen.
Andersen, A.M.N.H., sey. 7, vol. xvr.. p. 247.

The Peninsula, Pahang.

196. RarxoLopnyus TRIFOLIATUS, Temi.

Blanford, p. 272; Dobson, p. 41; Miller, P.A.N.S.P., 1898,
p. 319. s

Andersen, A.M.N.H., ser. 7, vol. xv1., p. 249.
The Peninsula and Singapore.

197, RuinoLoruyus tuctus, Temi.

Blanford, p. 276; Debson, p. 89: Andersen, A.M.N.H., ser. 7,
vol. xvi, p. 251.

The Peninsula and Singapore.
198. RHINOLOPHUS CELOPHYLLUS, Peters.

Blanford, p. 272 ; Dobson, p. 53.
Andersen, A.M.N.H., ser. 7, vol. xv1., p. 651.

The Peninsula, Kedah.

SUB-FAMILY HIPPOSIDERIN/E.

KEY TO THE GENERA.
A. Foremost part of nose-leaf not divided ... Hipposideros.
B. Foremost part of nose-leaf divided into two
distinct lappets ... ee ves ... Celope.
Gents HIPPOSIDEROS (MILLER, p. 109).
199. HipposiDEROS DIADEMA (Geoff.).
Blanford, p. 284; Dobson, p. 64. Andersen, A.M.N.H., ser. 7,
vol. xvi, p. 499.

The Peninsula, Jalor (Bonh., P.Z8., 1900), Johore (Thomas,
P.Z.S., 1886), Penang (Cantor).

200. HrpposipEROS ARMIGER DEBILIS, Andersen.
Andersen, A.M.N.H., ser. 7, vol. xvi1., p. 37.
Hipposideros armiger, Hodgson; Blanford, p. 283.
Phyllorhina armigera, Dobson, p. 64.

The Peninsula (type from Province Wellesley); Penang
Island (Cantor, J.A.S.B., 1846).

901. HippostpEROs GALERITUS, Cantor.
Cantor, J.A.8.B., 1846, p. 183: Blanford, p. 287.
Phyllorina galerita, Dobson, p. 69.

The Peninsula: Singapore and Penang (type).
16]

202. HiprostpERos LAKVATUS (Hors/.).
Blanford, p. 288. Miller, P.A.N.S.P., 1898, p. 319.
Phyllorhina larvata, Dobson, p. 68.

The Peninsula; Penang (Cantor, J.A.S.B., 1846).

203. HiprostIpEROs BICOLOR (Temm.).
Blanford, p. 289: Flower, P.Z.S., 1900, p. 343.
Phyllorhina bicolor, Dobson, p. 70.
The Peninsula; Penany and Singapore.
204. HiprosipEros sroLiczkanus (Dobson).

Phyllorhina stoliczkana, Dobson, p. 61; Dobson, P.A.S.B., 1871,
p- 106.

Penang Island (type).
Gexvus CUELOPS (MILLER, p, 113).
205. CaLops ROBINSONI, Bonhote.
Bonhote, J.F.M.S.M., 1908, p. 4.
The Peninsula (type from Gunong Taban),

Famity NYCTERIDA.
KEY TO THE GENERA.

A. Tail long ; nose-leaf slight, consisting of a deep

facial groove bordered by expansions of skin ;

premaxillaries present a0 oe we Nycteris,
B. Tail absent ; nose-leaf distinct, long and erect ;

premaxillaries absent ... ee 00 ww. Megaderiua.

Genus NYCTERIS (MILLER, p. 101).
206. NycTEerIs JAVANICA, Geoff.
Blanford, p. 295 ; Dobson, p. 79.

The Peninsula, Malacca (Andersen, Cat. Mamm. Ind. Mus.
pt. 1, p. 122), Jalor (Bonh., Fas. Mal. Zool. vol. 1., p. 17).

Grextus MEGADERMA (MILLER, p. 103).
207. MEGADERMA spasMa, Linn.
Blanford, p. 294; Dobson, p. 79.

The Peninsula; Penang aud Singapore.

F.M.S. Government Press.
 
ON A NEW SPECIES OF CYORNIS FROM 'THE MOUN-
TAINS OF THE MALAY PENINSULA.

By HERBERT C. ROBINSON, c.a.z.s., M.B.O.U.,

Director oF Muskums, Feperarep Matay Srares.

CYORNIS PENINSULARIS, sy. noe.
essed LAR to Cyornis vatesi (Salvad.) from Manipiu and 'Tenasserim
and Cyoruis vivida (Swinh.) from China and Formosa, but
considerably smaller than either; female with the under tail coverts
pale chestuut buff.

Aputt Maxe.-—Lores and a narrow frontal band glossy black ;
crown, rump and a patch behind the ear coverts shining cobalt blue ;
niantle, back and wing coverts very dark purplish blue; ocular region, ear
coverts, chin and throat black witha purplish wash, more defined on the
line separating the throat from the breast, which, with the rest of the
under surface, the under wing coverts, under tail coverts and axillaries,
is chestnut; primaries and ‘secondaries black, externally edged with
purplish blue on their outer webs. the inner webs of the lesser primaries
wnd the secondaries edged with rufous buff, more clearly defined on
the innermost; tail feathers black, the outer webs purplish blue; ints
dark hazel; bill black; feet biackish brown.

Total length, 5.6 in. (146 pun.): wing. 3.1 in, (78 mini.) : tail, 2.95
iu. (75 mm.): tarsus, .69 in. (17.5 mm.); bill from gape, .62 in. (15
umn, ).

Apu Femane.— -Lores, facial and periocular region and throat dull
ereyish brown, speckled with rufous and black: crown and nape grey-
ish, the feathers of the former with darker edges, presenting a sealy
appearance ; back, mantle and rump brownish vehraceous, more yellow-
ish on the rump; upper tail coverts and tail dull chestnut brown ;
wing coverts dull brown edged with ochraceous ; primaries and secon-
daries blackish brown, all except the outer primaries broadly edged
with yellowish brown ; edge of wing and under wing coverts pale vellow-
ish buff: axillaries grevish buff; thighs ochraceous; breast, belly
and flanks vrevish: the feathers of the breast in the centre edged with
ochraceous buff and with a clear whitish yellow patch in the centre of
the belly : under tail coverts pale chestuut buff; iris hazel; bill black ;
feet blackish brown.

Total length, 5.23 in. (132 mm.) ; wing, 2.96 in. (75 um.) ; tail, 2.60
im. (68 mm.); tarsus, .65 in, (16 mm.); bill from gape, .62 in, (15
mni.).

Tyres.—Male and female, Telém, Perak-Pahang boundary, South
Perak, Federated Malay States, collected on 28th November, 1908, by
H. C. Robinson and C. B. Kloss; only the above pair were secu though
nearly a month was spent in the locality.

Vivi, 1009,
16-4

Except for the character of the frontal phunes this species, together
with its near allies, C. oatesi and C. vividu, would seein to be best placed
in the genus Niltave, with which it agrees in the presence of a bright
patch behind the ear coverts in the male, though this is absent in the
female.

THE BIRDS AT PRESENT KNOWN FROM THE MOUN-
TAINS OF THE MALAY PENINSULA.

By HERBERT C. ROBINSON, c.x.z.s., M.B.0.U.,
Dimectok or MusEuMs, FEDERATED MAbAy STATUs.

N? connected list has up to the present been attempted of the birds
= inhabiting the central mountain zone of the Peninsula, though
varivus papers dealing with detached portions vf it have appeared in
the last. few years, which are duly noted in the Bibliography.

I have, therefore, bronght together all that is known on this region
basing my conclusions on the very large material now in the Selangor
Museum, which, after the elimination of duplicates, amounts to over
3,000 specimens. Systematie collecting, more especially in Selangor,
has been carried on during the last five years, and I think it is now
fairly certain that but few if any mure species remain to be discovered
on the main range of the Peninsula, though, as I have stated elsewhere,
it 1s possible that the mountains of Lakon on the N.-E. Coast may
yield further novelties.

Commencing from the uorth of the Peninsula, it may be well to
detail the various mountains that have been collected on up to date
with the collectors:

1. Mountains of Trang, latitude 7° 40' N., maximum height 3,000 ft.
Large collections were made on these hills by Dr. W. L. Abbott,
the well-Enown American Naturalist, in 1899, but no detailed
account has ever appeared; the following new species have,
however, been described from the collection by Dr. C, W. Rich-
mond :
Oreocichla ufinis
Abthopyge anomaly
Turdinulus grants
Stachyris chrysups (synonym of S. bocagei, postea)
Criniger sordidus (synonym of C. ochraceus, postea).
2. Bukit Besar, E. Coast, Malay Peninsula, latitude 6° 30’ N., maxi-
niwn height 3,500 ft.
Considerable collections were made here by Dr. N. Aunandale and
myself in 1901] and reported on by Mr. O. Grant. The mountain
is Isolated and nv high Jevel fauna oecurs thereon.
~
«)

165

3. Gunong Inas, latitude 5° 10’ N., height 5,800 ft.

A peak of the Larut range, which rans parallel to, but is not
connected with, the main range.

A few mountain birds were collected here by Messrs. Yapp
and Laidlaw of the Skeat Expedition and reported on by
Bonhote, (se. cit., but the collections were quite small.

4. Gunong ijau; Maxwell’s Hill; Larut Hills.

These peaks are the southern termination in about 4° 50’ N. of
the range, of which Gunong Inas forms one of the northern
summits; they have been much collected on by Wray, Hartert
and Butler, and large collections therefrom are to be found in the
Taiping Musewn, though unfortunately they have never been
properly labelled and have all been mounted and exposed to
light. Collections from this region, which varies in height from
2,000-4,750 ft, have been flecanied hy Sharpe, Joc. eit., (1) and
(2); Butler, Jvc. cit., and Hartert, J. fiir, O., 1891, pp. 379-407.

>. Gunong Batu Puteh, Telom, Batuny Padang mountains.

These terms cover a district in the main central range of the
Malay Peninsula centermg round a poimt in about 4° 15' N.
and ranging in altitude from about 3,500-7,000 ft.

Large eollections have been made had by Wray, uy ‘selt and ihe
collectors of the Selangor Museum, and are partially described
by Sharpe (3) and on (1).

6. Semangko Pass and neighbouring hills, 2,700-5,000 ft.

A pomt in the dividing range of the Peninsula between. Selangor
and Pahang in latitude 3° 40’ N. at a height of 2,700 ft., from
which hills rise steeply on both sides to over 5,000 ft.

The bulk of the mountain collectivns in the Selangor Museum
have been obtained in this district, which is exceptionally well
situated for collecting. —

7. Gunong Mengkuang Lebah and Gunong Ulu Kali.

Points in the main dividing range of the Peninsula from 4,200-
5.800 ft. im latitude 3° 25' N. app.

Large collections have also been made here and a few specimens
are mentioned by Grant (2) luc. cit.

8. Ginting Bidei, 2,300 ft.

A pass on the mam range about 20 unles south ef Gunong
Mengkuang Lebah in latitude 3° 13' N. app. a

ai few birds were collected here by Butler and considerable series
have been obtaied by the Selangur Museum collectors, working
from this as a centre from 1,500-4,000 ft.

J. Gunong Angsi, Negri Sembilan, 2,600-3,200 ft., latitude 2° 45’ N.
A control station on a spur south of the ter mination of the main
dividing range.
166

Large collectious have been made here, but nu mountain forms
oceur.

ly. Mount Ophir, borders of Malacca and Johor, latitude 2° 20’ N.,
4,100 ft. high.

Wallace and Whitehead’ made small collections here, and several
species received by Blyth from his Malacca correspondents were
probably also from the vicinity. The lower slopes were favourite
hunting grounds of the old Malacca trade skin hunters.

No mountain forms are known from the hill, which is quite detached.

11. Gunong Pulai, Johor, latitude 1° 35’ N., about 3,000 ft.

Much: collected on by Davison for Hume, whose collections passed
to the British Museum.

12. Gunony Tahan, an isolated massif on the east side of the main
range, latitude 4° 45’ N., 7,150 ft. high.
Collected on by Waterstradt and myself; the respective collections
described by Hartert (1) and Grant (2) lve. cit.

BIBLIOGRAPHY.
SHARPE, R. B.: .
Notes on some Birds froin Perak. Proc. Zuol. Sue. London, 1886.
pp. 300, 853. Quoted as Sharpe (1).
SHARPE, R. B.:

On a Second Collection of Birds formed by Mr. L. Wray on the
Mountains of Perak, Malay Peninsula. Proc. Zool. Soc. Lon-
don, 1887, pp. 431-447, pls. xxxvil-xxxvili. Quoted as Sharpe (2).
SHARPE, R. B.:
List of « Collection of Birds made by Mr. L. Wray on the Main
Range of Mountains of the Malay Peninsula, Perak. Proc. Zool.
Soc. London, 1888, pp. 268-281, pl. xx. Quoted as Sharpe (3).
Hartert, E.:
Zur Ornithologie von Perak. Joura. fiir Ornithologie, 1889,
pp. 379-407.
Hartert, E., and Butuer, A. L.:
Notes on Birds from Perak. Novitutes Zooloyicw, v.. pp. 506, 8.
Quoted as Hartert and Butler.
Butuer, A. L.:
Birds of the Larut Hills. Journ. Straits Branch Roy. Asiut. Soc.,
XxNil., pp. 9-31 (1899). Quoted as Butler.
Bowuote, J. L.:

On the Birds collected during the “Skeat Expedition” to the
Malay Peninsula, 1899-1900. Proc. Zool. Sor. London, 1901
(1), pp. 537-580. Quoted as Bonhote.
Harter, E.:
On Birds from Pahang, Eastern Malay Peninsula. Novitates
Zoologice, ix., pp. 537-580 (1902). Quoted asx Hartert.
OarLvie-Grant, W. R.:
Report on the Birds. Fasiculi Malayenses Zool., iii., pp. 65-123
(1905). Quoted as Grant (1).
OaILviE-Grant, W. R.:
Gunong Tahan Expedition, Report on the Birds. Journ. Fed.
Malay States Mua., tii., pp. 15-57, pls. ii, iti. (1908). Quoted
as Grant (2).
LIST OF BIRDS.
1, RHIZOTHERA LONGIROSTRIS—THE LONG-BILLED PARTRIDGE.
Rhizothera longirostris (Temm.): Grant, Cat. Birds Brit, Mua.,
xxil., p. 183 (1893).
CGinting Bidet, 2,300 fi. May, 1908,
Almost confined to bamboo jungle und uot ascending the hills to
more than about 3,500 ft. at the outside.

2, ARBORICOLA CAMPBELLE--CAMPBELIS TREE-PARTRIDGE,

Arboricola campbelli, Robinson and Grant, Ibis, 1905, p. 165, pl. iv. ;
id., Journ. Fed, Mal. States Mus., i., p. 126,

This very distinct Tree-partridge was originally described from a
pair collected in the Tel6m Valley on the borders of South Perak and
Pahang at about 3,800 ft. It has since heen found to be not uncommon
on Gunong Mengkuang Lebah and Gunong Ulu Kali in Selangor at
heights of 4,500-5,200 ft., numerous specimens having been trapped in
these localities.

A half-grown bird differs from the adult in having the white
malar stripe more developed and the grey feathers of the breast and
sides of the abdomen broadly tipped with rufous ochraceous.

The nest and eggs were discovered on Gunong Mengknang Lebah
in March, 1907, on the ground beneath a small stemless palin. The
former is a loose pad of sticks and dead leaves very flat and about six
inches in diameter; the eggs, two in number, are pure white and
somewhat glossy with numerous small scattered pores; they are very
pointed at one end and measure A, 42x32 mm.; B, 42 x 31.5 mm.

3. ROLLULUS ROULROUL—THE CRESTED GREEN WOOD-QUAIL,
Rollulus roulroul (Seop.); Grant, Cat., p. 225; Hartert, p. 539;
Grant (2), p. 57.
Bukit Kutu, 3,000 ft. August; Gunong Mengkuang Lebah, 5,200ft. April.
T can detect no tangible differences between these specimens and a
pair collected in April at Tanjong Malim at the foot of the main range.

The species is common throughout the Western Malay Peninsula
with the exception of the swampy littoral belt.
168

1 POLYPLECTRON TNOPINATUS-ROUTUSCIILD'S PEACOCK PHEASANT,
Chaleurus inopinatus, Rothseh., Bull. B.O.C., xiii, No. xex., p. 41
(1908) : id., Nov. Zootl., x., pl. 11. (1903).
Polyplectron inopinatus, Grant (2), p. 55. . .
Very common both on the mountains above the Semangko Pass,
2,700-4,500 ft., and on Gunong Mengkuang Lebah and Gunong Ulu
Kali, whence we have secnred a considerable number of specimens.
At the former locality the species breeds about January, as very young
specimens and clicks just emerging from the downy stage were
obtained towards the end of February.

2

5 RITEINIVARDTICS NIGRESCENS—THE OCELLATEND MALAY
ARGUS-PHEASANT,

Rheinwardtius ocellatus mgreseens, Hartert, Nov. Zool., ix., p. 538 ;
Grant (2). p. 56.

This species is only known from the three original specimens
obtained by Waterstradt, which came from the Ulu Dong in the Lipis
District of Pahang on the west side of the Pahang River, and the two
secured by myself at moderate elevations on Gunong Taban.

I do not think that it will ultimately prove to be confined to the
mountains and I believe that I have heard its call, which is quite differ-
ent from that of the common Argus, quite close to Kuala Lipis at
not more than 300 or 400 ft. elevation.

6. BUTRERON CAPELLEI-1WE LARGER THICK-BILLED GREEN PIGEON,
Butreron eapelle: (‘Lemm.): Salvad., Cat. Birds Brit. Mus., xxi.,
p. 32 (1893); Bonhote, p. 76; Hartert, p. 5389: Grant (1), p. 122.
One specimen was seen but not secured, flying through the Se-
mangko Pass in February, 1908.

7. SPITBNOCERCUS. ROBINSONI-THE MALAYAN WEDGE-TAILED PIGEON,

Sphenocereus korthalsi, Robinson nee Tenim., Journ. Fed. Malay
Stotes Mus., 1., p. 52 (1905).

Sphenocerens robinsoni, Grant, Bull, BLO.C.,, xix., No. exxvii., p. 12
(1906); id. (2), p. 53.

Two 2 specimens have been obtained in the vicinity of Ulu Kah,
5,000 ft., one of which is the female type of the species, It is distinctly
difficult to obtain, as it is by no means common and fhes very high
while the country it frequents is very broken. A specimen from
Gunong Jjau, Larut, 4,750 ft., shot on 12th September, 1908, is
marked g hy the native collector, but has no maroon whatever on the
shoulder or cinnamon on the under tail coverts, and is, therefore,
probably very immature or else a female. Wing 6.5 in., tail 5.1 in.

8, SPENOCERCHS, sp.

The Selangor Museum possesses two skins of a Spenocereus, which
probably represent a species allied to but distinct from S. sphennrus,
One, an adult female, was shot on the Semangko Pass on 16th
February, 1908; while another, an immature male in moult, was
obtained in Pulau Rumpia—one of the Sembilan Islands, off the mouth
of the Perak River—in March, 1906. Both have the centre of the
abdomen pure white, the under tail coverts pale chroine, broadly centred
with greenish olive, and the tail greyish black tipped with paler grey.

The male has the angle of the wing maroon and indications of a dove
grey collar on the hind neck. The base of the feathers on the side of
the neck is rufous. Wing of female about 5.9 in.

The species is almost certainly distinct, but until more specimens
are obtained I prefer not to describe it.

% TRERON NIPALENSIS—THE THICK-BILLED GREEN PIGEON,

Treron nipalensis (Hodgs.); Sulvad., Cut., p. 34; Grant (1), p. 122.

Semangeko Pass, Sclangor-Pahang border, 2,700 ft. February, March, 1904,
1908.

During February and March on dark and rainy nights, accompanied
by wind, this species often flies in numbers into the window of
the Rest House, which is situated in the middle of the pass with
steep hills on either side. On one evening in February, 1904, thirteen
were thus captured.

The species is abundant in the foot hills, especially when the kayw
ava, a variety of fig of which it is very fond, is in fruit.

10, OSMOTRERON OLAX—THE LITTLE GREEN PIGEON.

Osmotreron olax (Temm.); Grant (1), p. 121.

9. Semangko Pass, Selangor-Pahang border, 2,700 ft. 24th Febrnary, 1908.

Very common in the low country, but only accidental on the high
hills. The specimen enumerated above flew to light together with
Ptilinopus jambu.

N. PTILINOPUS JAMBU-THE YINK-HEADED FRUIT DOVE,

Ptilinopus jambu (Gim.); Salvad., Cat., p. 80; Hartert, p. 539.

269. Semangko Pass, Selangor-Pahang border, 2,700 ft. 24th February,
1908. .

Captured at light together with one female of Osmotreron olaz.

Sporadic throughout the Peninsula, but nowhere very common.

This species seems to perform local migrations at night; besides
the present specimens, I have heard of one caught at Government
House, Singapore, which is situated on an eminence about 200 ft.
above the sea.

12. CARPOPHAGA BADIA-THE COPPER-BACKED IMPERIAL PIGEON,
Carpophaga badia (Raffles); Salvad., Cat., p. 218; Hartert,
p. 589.
Ducula badia, Butler, p. 29.
This Pigeon is exceedingly common during the greater part of the
year along the ridges of the higher mountain ranges, where its loud
booming note is constantly heard in the early morning. During the
170

fruiting of certain trees it, however, descends to the low country and the
const, and specimens have been shot among the mangroves at
Tanjong Karang, Coast of Selangor (January): Dindings, Perak
Coast (May); and Rantau Panjang low country, Selangor (February).

18. MACROPYGIA LEPTOGRAMMICA—THE LARGER MALAY CUCKOO-DOVE,
Macropyygia tusalia, Shurpe (nee Hodgs.), P.Z.S., 1887, p. 443.
Macropygin leptogrammiea, Salvad., Cat., p. 841; Grant (2), p. 53.
Fairly common on Gunong Mengkuang Lebah and Ulu Kah,

Selangor, above 5,000 ft., but known elsewhere only from one or two
specimens collected by Wray on the Larnt Hills.

1 MACROPYGIA RUFICEPS—THE LITTLE MALAY CUCKOO-DOVE,

Macropygia ruficeps (Temm.) : Sulead., Cat., p. 360: Butler, p. 30;
Hartert, p. 540; Grant (2), p. 53.

Very common throughout the central portion of the Peninsula from
the foot of the hills to over 5,000 ft., especially in the neighbourhood of
the hot springs which are not uncommon. I can detect no difference
whatever between specimens from 5,000 ft. and those from 200 ft.

13. CHALCOPHAPS INDICA--THE VWRONZE-WINGED GROUND DOVE.

Chaleophaps indica (Linn.); Salvad., Cat., p. 514; Butler, p. 30;
Bonh., p. 77; Hartert, p. 540; Grant (1), p. 120; id. (2), p. 53.

Fairly common throughout the hills, but more so at 2,000 ft. than
at higher elevations. Ranges up to 4,500 ft.

1 RALDINA SUPERCILLARIN. THE BANDED CRAKE,
Zallina superciliaris (Evton): Sharpe. Cat. Birds Brit. Mus., xxin.,
p. 76 (1894) ; Grunt (1), p. 120.
Apparently visits the high monutains of Perak in winter; one was
trapped near the Telém River in November, 1908, two or three miles
from the locality whence a specimen was secured in Jannary, 1902.

WW. ACCIPITER GULARIS-THE MALAYAN BESRA,
Accipiter virgatus (Temin.); Butler, p. 29; Sharpe, Cat. Birds
Brit. Mus., i., p. 150 (1874).
Accipiter gularis (Temm. and Schleg.) : Grant, Ibis, 1896, pp. 104
et seqg.

2. Gnnong Mengkuang Lebah, Selangor, 5,200 ft. 3rd April, 1905.

A single very adult male in fresh plumage has the npper parts
pure slate-grey ; throat stripe rednced to a mere hair line under parts
except throat, belly and under tail coverts which are pure white, rufous
sahinon: thighs rufous salmon. Wing 6.4 in., tail 4.8 in., tarsus 1.85 in.

This specimen may possibly represent a distinct mountain form
bearing the same relation to A. gularis that A. rufotibiulis, Sharpe,
from Kina Balu does to the typical A. virgatus. Tt differs from
A. rufotibialis in larger size and in the almost obsolete throat stripe.
V7

Ww, PERNIS TIWEEDALIT ATMS HONEY BUZZARD.
Pernis tweedalii, Hume, Stray Feathers, ix., pp. 446-448 ; id., op. ert.
x., p. 513 (1887).
2 ad. Semangko Pass, 2,700 ft. 17th February, 1904.
? ad. Batu, nv. Kuala Lumpur. 6th January, 1900.
g imm. Maxwell’s Hill, Taiping, Perak, 3,600 ft. 8th September, 1908.

This bird is very common in the more jungly parts of the country,
but can only occasionally he got. It appears to he resident, whereas
the other Malayan species of the genus P. evistatus auct is certainly
migratory.

The two adult specimens agree well with Hume’s plate (loc. cit. sup.),
except that there is decidedly more black on the plumage of the lower
surface. he immature male has the under surface barred with rufous
buff and white; breast and upper part of the belly with dark brown
shaft stripes, more marked on the breast ; black throat and mousta-
chial stripes pronounced ; feathers of the sides of the neck broadly
edged with rufous ; crest black faintly tipped with white, lores grey.

€

1s, ICTINAETUS MALAY ENSIS-VHE BLACK EAGLE,

Ietinaetus malayensis (Rheinw.); Sharpe, Cat. Birds Brit. Mus.
i, p. 257 (1874); Sharpe (2), p. 435 ; id. (3), p. 268.

Very fairly common in the high hills, especially in Larut, but
practically impossible to secnre except where there are large clearings.
I have seen it on almost every hill. I have spent more than a day or
two upon, Not often met with in the low country.

20, SPIZAETUN ALBONIGER BLYTIUS TAWK EAGLE,

Spizaetus alboniger (Blyth) ; Sharpe. Cat., p. 271: Butler. p. 20:
Grant (1), p. 114.

Very common on the Government Plantation on the Larut Hills,
Perak, where it is very destructive to chickens, and also met with
though more sparsely in the low country; much rarer in Selangor
and Pahang.

Spizaetus imnaetus (Horsf.), mentioned by Sharpe (2), p. 453, but
of which he did not examine specimens, is far more probably this
species.

21, HWETEROSCOPS VULPES-THE MOUNTAIN SCOPS OWL.

Pisorhina luciz, Hartert, p. 541.

Heteroscops vulpes, Grant, Bull. B.O.C.. xix.. No, cxxvui., p. 1]
(1906) ; id. (2), p. 51.

3. Gunone Mengkuang Lebah, 4,800 ft. 18th March, 1967.
$ imm. Semangko Pasa, 2,700-4,000 ft. 7th March, 1908.

The immature bird is ina dark brown, not rufous, phase of plumage
and is devoid of the whitish outer webs to the inner scapulars.

Probably by no means rare on the higher mountains, where the
hoot of a small owl is often heard, but not often obtained.
2, GLAUCIDIUM BRODIE THE COLLARED PIGMY OWLET,
Glaucidium brodiei (Burton) ; Sharpe, Cat. Birds Brit. Mus., ii.
p. 212 (1875) ; id. (2), p. 484; Grant (2), p. 52. :
Fairly common on the Senangko Pass and also on the mountains
of South Perak.

23, SYRNIUM MAINGAYI-THE MALAYAN WOOD OWL,
Svrninm maingayi, Hume, Stray Feathers, vi, p. 27 (1878) ; Sharpe
(1), p. 470; Grand (2), p. 51.
¢@. Ginting Bidei, Sclangor, 2,300 ft. May, 1908.

A single specimen from the above locality agrees well with Sharpe’s
description of the type. Wing 13.5 in.

a. SERNIUM NEWARENSE-THE HIMALAYAN WOOD OW.
Syrnium newarense (Hodgs.); Sharpe, Cat., p. 281; id. (2), p. 484.
Besides the specimen cited by Sharpe (supra) from the Larut

Hills, I have examined another specimen from the Waterloo Estate
near Taiping, which agrees well with the specimen of S. maingayi
noted above. In all probability all the wood owls of this type from
the Malay Peninsula should be considered to belong to S. maingayi,
which is at best but a sub-species of S. indrani or S. newarense.

25, ALCEDO EURYZONA-THE BROAD-ZONED KINGFISHER.

Alcedo euryzona (Temm.); Sharpe, Cat. Birds Brit. Mus.,xvii., p. 154
(1892): Hartert, p. 545.

Though I have never obtained a specimen, and though there are
none in the Selangor Museum, I insert this bird in the list, as we con-
stantly met with a single individual on the Semangko Pass in February,
1908, though it was so exceedingly wary that no one of our party was
able to obtain it. It was also not uncommon at Kuala Teku at the
foot of Gunong Tahan. ‘There is a specimen in the Perak’ Museum
from the vicinity of Taiping.

26, CEYN TRIDACTYLA—PALLA’S TYREE-TOED KINGFISHER.

Cevyx tridactyla (Pall.) ; Sharpe, Cat., p. 174.

Though abundant on deep jungle streains in the low country, birds
of this genus are rare on the hills. There are two specimens in the
Museum, immature and male adult, from the Semangko Pass, shot in
November and February, respectively.

2%, BUCEROS RHINOCEROS—THE RHINOCEROS HORNBILL.

Buceros rhinoceros (Linn.); Ogilvie-Grant, Cat. Birds Brit. Mus.,
Xvil., p. 352 (1892); Butler, p. 26; Hartert, p. 548.

Common in hills and low country and old jungle, but very hard to
secure.

2s, DICHOCEROS BICORNIS-THE, HOMRAT HORNBILL.

Dichoceros bicornis (Linn.); Grant, Cat., p. 355: Butler, p. 26;

Banhote, p. 70; Grant (1), p. 108.
LT

_ Often seen from hill tops flying over the tops of the trees beiow, but
not often got. More abundant in the northern half of the Peninsula.

29, RHUYTIDOCEROS UNDULATUS—THE MALAYAN WREATHED HORNBILL.
Rhytidoceros undulatus (Shaw) ; Grant, Cat., p. 382.
3%. Gunong Uln Kali, Selangor, 4,800 ft. January, 1906.

Occasionally met with in flocks of up to ten or twelve individuals,
but rare.

30. ANORRHINCS GALERITUS—THE BUSHY-CRESTED HORNBILL.

Anorrhinus galeritus (Temm.); Grant, Cat., p. 891 ; Butler, p. 26:
Grant (2), p. 48.

Semangko Pass, 2,700 ft. February, 1904, 1908.
Cinting Bidei, 2,300 ft. May, 1908.

A characteristic hill bird, which, though not ascending very high
on the mountains, is not found in the plains; common in the above
localities.

31. BERENICORNIS COMATUS—THE LONG-CRESTED ,HORNBILL.
Berenicornis comatus (Raffles) ; Grant, Cat., p. 423.

We have no very recent or exactly localised specimens of this
magnificent Hornbill in the Selangor Museum. It is quite common in
the State, but keeps to very high jungle, feeds on high trees and flies
very high, and is, therefore, not an easy bird to procure. . Crossing the
Semangko Pass in a motor car in December, 1908, we observed near a
summit a flock of nine or ten adult and immature birds perched in a
tree near the road. They appeared quite undisturbed at our approach.

32. RHINOPLAX YIGIL—THE NELMETED HORNBILL.
Rhinoplax vigil (Forst.) ; Grant, Cat., p. 427; Butler, p. 26;
Grant (1), p. 108.
Also fairly common.

33. NYCTIORNIS AMICTUS~THE VERMILION-BEARDED BEE-EATER.,

Nyctiornis amictus (Temm.); Sharpe, Cat. Birds Brit. Mus. xvi.
p. 90 (1893) ; Butler, p. 29; Hartert, p. 544; Grant (2), p. 49.
Common nearly everywhere, in fairly open jungle, up to about

3,500 ft. on the main range of the Peninsula, most abundant at from
1,000-1,500 ft.

34, LYNCORNIS TEMMINCKI-—GOULD'S FEARED NIGHT-JAN.
Tyncornis temmincki (Gould.) ; Hartert, Cat. Birds Brit. Mus.. xvi.
p. 606 (1892) ; Hartert, p. 544.

Not so common in the hills as in the low conntry, but generally to
he met with on the Semangko Pass, where its pecnliar note tect-ta-bu
is constantly heard.
$3. CAPRIMELGUS JOTARASTUB JUNGLE NIGIUT TAR.
Caprimulgus jotaka (Lemm, and Schleg.): Hartert, Cat.. p. 552 5°
Grant (1), p. 107.
Caprimulgus indicus jotaka, Butler, p. 28.

Semangko Pass, 2,700 ft. February, 1908.
Telém, Perak-Pahang border, 3,500 ft. January and November.

Possibly resident throughout the year on the mountains. Tn the
lowlands and on the islands of the Straits of Malaeca it is met with
only in the winter months, when it is abundant.

36, COLLOCALIA INNOMINATA-HUME'S SWIFTLET.
Colloealia innominata (Hume) ; Hartert, Cat., p. 503.

Semangko Pass, Selangor-Pahang boundary, 2,700 ft. February, 1904, 1908.
Gunong Mengkuang Lebah, Selangor, +,800-5,200 ft. March, 1907.

Very widely distributed thronghout the State of Selangor from the
mangrove swamps on the coast to the tops of the Inghest mountains ;
but. together with other species of Cypselidee, commonest at the
Semangko Pass.

These speeiinens may not impossibly represent C. gigas, Hartert,
collected by Butler on the Semangko Pass. At the moment I have
not access either to authentic specimens or to the description so prefer
to record them as C. innominata with the description of whieh they
perfectly agree.

37, COLLOCALEL LINCHI-HORSFIELI'S SWIFTLET.
Collocalia linchi (Horsf. and Moore); Hartert, Cat.. p. 508; Butler

-_

p. 27.

.

Semangko Pass, Selangor-Pahang boundary, 2,700 ft. February, 1908.

Eqgualiy common with C. innominate at the above loeality, but not
el y

met with elsewhere in the State. Abundant on the Larut range near
Taiping.

B. CILETURA GIGANTEA—THE MALAYAN SPINE-TAIL SWIFT.
Chetura gigantea (Temm.); Hartert, Cut., p. 475; Butler, p. 27;
Grant (2), p. 46.
Very numerous, both at Ginting Bidei and at the Semangko Pass
in the early mornings and on cloudy afternoons during and after rain,

30, CILETORA INDICA-TME INDIAN SPENE-TATL SWIFT,
Chetura indiea (Hume); Hartert, Cat., p. 475.

A male shot lw Mr. A. L. Butler at the Semangko Pass in
November, 1900, has the loral spot clear white, while two other from
the same locality obtained in February and May have indications of
the same, though in one case they are very faint. The Perak Museum
also possesses a specimen of Ch. indica shot in the neighbourhood of
Taiping.
Tam inclined to think that, while Ch. gigantea is the resident form,
Ch. indica mierates south in winter, while possibly interbreeding also
°° . oD
takes place.

40, CILETUR.L COCIUNCHINENSIS—TIE INDO CHINESE SPINE “TAIL SWIFT,

Chetura cochiuehinensis (Oust.): Hertert, Cat, p. 491; ad, Lbis,
1896, p. 491.

Chetura klwesii (Buttik.) : Hurtert, Cut, p. 491 (synonym).

Semangku Pass, 2,700 ft. November, 1900, A, 1. Butler [e].

Ditto, Febrnavy, 1908.

This very distinct species differs frou the vther large Spine-tail
Swifts in its smaller size, wing 7.U-7.3 in., its smoke-grey throat,
clearly differentiated from the rest of the under parts and in having
the centre of the back pale whitish brown. It is by far the most abun-
dant species of its genus on the Semangko Pass, and is also known
from Larut, Perak.

M. CILETURA LECCOVLGLILIS TUE WIHUTK RUMPED SPLNE-TALL SWLET,

Cheetura leucopygialis (Blyth) : Hertert, Cat.. p. 490: Butler, p. 27.

?, Semangko Puss, 2,700 ft. May, Lov2,

Rare in Sclangor or perhaps easily overlooked. The above specimen
is the only one in the Selangor Museum. As noted by Butler, its
flight is not nearly so swift or direct as that of its larger congeners,
more resembling that of Collucalia.

2, CEPSELUS PACIFICUS—THE LARGE WHITE RUMPED SWIFT,

Cypselus pacifiens (Lath.) ; Hartert, Cut., p. 448.

Very common at the Semangko Pass in February, 1908, and
also at Kuala Lumpur during rainy, windy weather in October, 1907.
Hitherto its occurrence in the Peninsula has rested on a specimen c!
of the British Museum Catalogue obtained by Cantor in Penang.

48. TACMORNIS INFUMATA-THE WASTERN PALM-SWIET.
‘Tachornisinfumata (Sclat.) ; Hurtert, Cut., p.467; Grant (1), p. 107.
Semangko Pass, Selangor-Pahang boundary, 2,700 ft. February, 1908.

Fairly connnen, but not so abundant as the two species of
Colloealia that fly with it.

Mt MACROPTERY NX LONGIPENNIS- THE CRESTED TREE-SWIE'T,
Macropteryx longipennis (Rafin.); Hartert, Cat., p. 514; Buller.
p. 28; Sharpe (8), p. 278; Grant (2), p. 47. ,
2. Bukit Kutu, Ulu Sclunyor, 3,000 ft. August, 1902.

2 2. Semangko Pass, Selangor-Pahang boundary, 2,700 ft. I’ebimary, 1908.

Ranging as high as 5,000 ft. Maeropteryx comata (Temui.) has
not yet been met with at any elevation on the Selangor main
range, though coniuon among the foot hills.
176

45. MACROPTERYNX COMATA-THE TURTED TREE-SWIET.
Macropteryx comata (‘lemin.); Hortert, Cut., p. 617; Sharpe (3),
p. 278; Butler, p. 28; Hartert, p. 544; Grant (2), p. 47.
Only accidental on the hills, not ascending them nearly so high as
M. longipennis, but very common along their bases.

TROGONIDAs.

i. PY ROTROGON ERY THROCEPHALUS—-THE RED-HEADED TROGON,

Pyrotrogon (Harpactes) erythrocephalus (Gould.); Grant, Cut.
Birds Brit. Mus., xvii, p. 488 (1892); Sharpe (8), p. 280; Butler,
p. 28; Grant (1), p. 106.

Common on the main range of mountains from 3,000 ft. upwards,
but not met with as yet on Gunong Tahan.

Mi. PYROTRUGON NEGLECTUS—THE MALAYAN 'TROGON.

Harpactes diardi (Temim.); Grant, Cat., p. 432 (purtim ex Malaccu
und Sumatra).

Pyrotrogon neglectus, Forbes and Robinson, Bull. Liverpool Mus.,
ii. p. 84 (1900); Hartert, p. 544.

By no means common anywhere, except quite in the south of
the Peninsula. The Selangor Museum possesses specimens from low
elevations only.

48. PYROTROGON DUTAUCELI-THE RED-RUMPED TROGON,

Harpactes duvauceli (Temm.); Grant, Cat., p. 491; Sharpe (1),
p. 353; Budler, p. 23; Bonhote, p. 70.

‘Pyrotrogon duvauceli, Hartert, p. 544; Grant (1), p. 106.

Recorded by Butler (loc. ert.) from as high as 3,500 ft. on the
Larut Hills. Quite the commonest of the family in the low country.

40. PYROTROGON ORESCIUS—TUE YELLOW-BREASTED 'TROGON,

Pyrotrogon (Harpactes) orescius (‘emm.); Grant, Cat., p. 494;
Sharpe (3), p. 280; Grunt (1), p. 106; id. (2), p. 45.

9. Ginting Bidei, Sclangor, 2,300 tt. May, 1908.

By no means common and apparently inhabiting a somewhat
restrieted zone from about 2,000-4,000 ft.

CUCULIDA.
Su. SURNICULUS LUGUBRIS—THE DRONGO CUCKOO,

Surniculus lugubris (Horsf.); Shelley, Cut. Birds Brit. Mns.,

xix., p. 227 (189) ; Hartert, p. 544; Grant (1), p.106; id. (2), p. 45.
g ad. Semaugky Pass, Sclapgor-Pahang boundary, 2,700ft. February, 1904.
¢d ad. > ” m9 1908.
¢ pull. bm » 24th February, 1908,
The last-inentioned chick was found in the nest of a Flycatcher—
Cryptolopha butler’, Hartert—built under an overhanging bank, and the
177

male foster-parent was shot while in attendance. ‘The youngster
is clothed throughout with black feathers very broadly tipped with
white, less so on the back.

51. HIEROCOCCYN BOCKI-~WARDLAW RAMSAY’S HAWK CUCKOO.

Hierovoceyx bocki (Wardl.-Rams.); Shelley, Cat., p. 234.

I include this species in the Peninsular list on the strength
of w mounted specimen from the Larut Hills in the Taiping Museum,
which, Iam assured by Mr. Wray, the late Curator, was so identified
by Dr. Sharpe. H. spurcerioides also occurs in the winter months im
the low country.

52. ULEROCOCCYX FUGAN-HORSTTELD’s HAWK CUCKOO.

Hierococeyx fugax (Horsf.); Shelley, Cat., p. 286; Sharpe (2),
p. 442.

I have not myself met with this species in the Malay Peninsula, but
it was very abundant on Pulau Jemor—a simall islet in the Straits
of Malacca—in November, 1906, together with several other migratory
Cuckoos.

3. CUCULUSY POLIOUEPHALUS-THE SMALL CUCKOO,
Cuculus poliocephalus (Lath.); Shelley, Cut., p. 255; Blandford,
Faun. Brit. Ind. Birds, ui., p. 209 (1895).

é ad. Gunong Ulu Kali, Selangor, t,800-5,800 ft. February, 1906.
® ad. Semangko Pass, Selangor-Pahang boundary, 2,500 ft. February, 1908,

Shelley and Blandford (loc. eit. supra) both state that this species
is found in the Malay Peninsula, but I do not know on what
specimens their statement is founded. No recent collector has met
with the species, and there are no specimens from the Malay Peninsula
in the Hume collection in the British Museum. The species is almost
certainly a migrant remaining for a very short time on the mountains
of the Peninsula, as is the case with several other birds.

54 CACOMANTIS MERULINUS—THE RUFOUS-BELLIED CUCKOO,
Cacomantis merulinus (Scop.); Shelley, Cat.. p. 268; Bonhote,
p. 74: Hartert, p. 545: Grant (1), p. 105.

?. Ginting Bidei, Selangor, 2,800 ft. May, 1908.

Common in the low country from December to May, but not often

found in the hills.
53. CENTROPUS SINENSIS—THE CROW PILEASANT.

Ceutropus sinensis (Steph.); Shelley, Cat., p. 343; Bonhote, p. 74;
Grant (1), p. 105. er.

6. Ginting Bidci, Selangor, 2,300 ft. May, 19U8.

The Crow Pheasants in the Malay Peninsula are usually found in
waste ground or in stretches of country overgrown with coarse lalang
erass (Iniperatora koenig’). They are. therefore, not met with as a
175

rule ou tie hills. which are covered with primary jungle, but at Ginting
Bidei there happens to be a small patel of lalany, the site of a former
bungalow, in which this bird was shot.

3. RMOPUDYTEN TRISTIS=TNE LARGE GREEN-BILLED MALKOHA,
Rhopudytes tristis (Less.) ; Shelley. Cat., p. 886; Bunhole, p. 05;
Hartert, p. 545: Grané (1), p. 103.

or,

@. Semangko Pass, Selangor-Pahang boundary, 2,700 ft. February, 1908.
Y. Telém, Batang Padang, South Perak, 3,500 ft. October, 1904,
3. . ss o November, 1908.

The form of Rhopodytes tristis inhabiting the mountams of the
Malay Peninsula is probably subspecifically distinct from the typical
race from India differing in its smialler size. Wing 5.9 in. against 6.5 in.,
tarsus 1.35 in. against 1.55. in. However, in the absence of specimens
for comparison of J?. tristis from India and the northern parts of the
Peninsula, where it is common in the lowlands, and of R. elongutus (8.
Mill.) from Sumatra, I prefer net to separate the present race, which
will probably be found te be intermediate between the two above-
mentioned speeies.

a. RUMOPODYTES SUMATRAN US—TITE SUMATRAN GREEN BILLED

MALKOILS.,

Rhopodytes sumatranus (Raftles): Shelley, Cat, p. 391; Hurtert,
p. 245; Grant (2), p. 48.

Common on Gunong Tahan up to about 4,000 ft. but not met with
ou other mountains at any elevation.

Ss. ZINCLOSTOMUS JAVANICUS-THLE LESSER RED-BLLLED MALKOHA,

Zauclostumus javanicus (Horsf.); Shelley, Cat., p. 380; Borhote,
p. 65; Hurtert, p. 545; Grant (1), p. 104; id. (2), p. £4.

6. Bukit Kutn, Ulu Selangor, 3,000 ft, Auguet, 1902.

?

g. Ginting Bidei, Selanyor, 2,300 ft. May, 1908.
Sparsely distributed from sea level te 5,000 {t., but commonest
about 3,000 ft. Usually inet with in bamboo jungle.

50 UROCOCOCYN BRYVYTHROGNATHUS—-THE GREATER RED BILLED
MALKOWA,
Urococevy erythrognathus (Hartl.): Shelley. Cat. p. 393, Bonhate,
p. 9: Grant (1). yn. TO-b: dd. (2), p. ab.
Bukit Kutn. Ulu Selangor, 3,000 ft. August, LuOZ.

Of only accidental oecurrence in the mountains.

CAPLITONIDA.
Wu. CALORIFAMPHUS UAVI-THE BROWN BARBET.
Calorhainphus hayi (J. E. Grev): Shelley, Cut. Birds Brit. Mus.
xix., p. 51 (1891): Buller, p. 25: Ifartert. pp. SAG; Grant (2), p. 45.

~

Ginting Bidei, 2,300 ft. May.
179

Very common in low country jungle, but becoming much scarcer M1
the mountains up to 3,000 ft., above which it does not occur.

61, CHOTORHEA CHRYSOPOGON—THE GOLD-WHISKERED BARBET.

Chotorhea chrysopogon (Temm.); Shelley, Cat., p.57; Butler, p. 25 ;
Bonhote, p. 72; Grant (1), p. 103; td. (2), p. 43.

Bukit Kutu, Selanyor, 3,000 ft. August, 1902,

Distribution snuilar to the preceding species, but much scarcer.

62, CHOTORHEA VERSICOULOR—THE MANY-COLOURED BARBET.
Chotorhea versicolor (Rattles); Shelley, Cat., p. 59; Grant (1),
p. 103.
Megalema versicolor, Shurpe, P.Z.S., 1888, p. 280.

Rare on the mountains und not abundant anywhere.

63. CYANOPS VOORTI-MULLER'’S BARBET.

Cyanops oorti (Miler); Shelley, Cul, p. 71; Butler, p. 25;
Hartert, p. 546; Grant (2), p. 49.

Megalema oorti, Sharpe (2), p. 442.

Common on the mountains of the main range from Northern Perak
to the Semangko Pass. Also on the Larut Hills and Gunong Tahan,
but not descending below 5,000 ft.

61. CYANOPS RAMSAVI-RAMSAY'S GOLDEN-THROATED BARBET.

Cyanops ramsayi (Wald.); Shelley, Cut., p. 70; Sharpe (2),
p. 442; Bonhote, p. 73; Hartert, p. 546; Grant (2), p. 48.

Distribution identical with the preceding.

63. CYANOPS MYSTACOPMANES—THE GAUDY BARBET,
Cyanops mystacophanes (Temim.) ; Shelley, Cut., p. 72; Bonhote,
p. 73; Grant (1), p. 102.
®. Ginting Bidei, 2,300 ft. May, 1908.

Also from Rantau Panjang in the Selangor low country, but much
comiouer in the northern parts of the Peninsula.

66. MESOBUCCO DUVAUCELI-THE CRIMSON-EARED BARBET.
Mesobucco duvauceli (Less.); Shelley, Cat., p. 85; Butler, p. 24;
Grant (1), p. 101.
Bukit Kutu, Sclangor, 3,000 ft. August, 1902.
Sporadic, but fairly common ia the low country wherever met with.
All six specimens before me have the car coverts strongly washed

with verditer blue. They need comparison with typical ML. duvauceli
and with M. cyanotis, which is only «a sub-species, from Tenasserim.

Mar',, 1909,
180

87. PSILOPOGON PY ROLOPHUS--THE FIRE-CTUPTED BARBET,
Psilopogon pyrolophus (5. Mill): SheWey, Cat, p. 98; Butler,
p. 24: Sharpe (1), p. 3522 7d. (2). p. 442: Grand (1), p. 101; id. (2),
p. 45.
Distribution similar to GC. verti aud remsayi, exeept that it does
not occur on Gunene Tahan and ranges lower down the hills to about
2.200 ft. Exceedingly common wherever met with.

INDICATORIDE.
Ww. INDICATOR MALAYANUS—THE MALAY MONEY GUIDE,

Tndicator archipelagiens (‘Temm.) : Shelley, Cut. Birds Brit. Maus.,
xix.. p. £ (1891) (partim.)

Indicator malayanus, Sharpe, P.Z.S., 1878, pp. 794, 795 (Malacea) ;
Hume, Stray Feathers, viii. p. 155 (dang).

A single female specimen of a Honey Guide was shot in the viemity
of a bee’s nest at Ginting Bidei, 2,500 ft.. on 135th May, 1908. by one
vf the Museum collectors.

Like the type of the species from Malacca and Huime’s bird from
Klang, the present specimen lacks the yellow shoulder spot present in
both sexes of I. archipelugicus, so that the Peninsular form may well
he revarded as distinct under Sharpe’s naine f. imalayanus.

The bird before me, which is perfectly adult, agrees fairly well with
the type description, but has the breast stronyly washed with dull
vrevish and is decidedly small. Wang 3.4 in. against 3.9 in.

PICID.
O GECINUS RODGERI-RODGER'S GREEN WOODPECKER.

Gecinus chlorolophus, Haryitt, Cut. Birds Brit. Mus., xvul.. pp.
GU, 62 (part. speciinen v'’) (1890) ; Sharpe (2), p. 448.

Gecinus rodveri, Hartert and Butler, p. 508; Butler, p. 23; Grunt
(2), p. 42.

Common on the hills of the Peninsula from 3,000-5,000 ft.
from Larut to Gunong Mengkuang Lebah, but not on Gunong
Tahan. Numerous specimens are in the Selangor Museum from
Semangko Pass, Gunong Ulu Kali and Gunong Mengkuang Lebali.
™, GECINUS PUNICEUS OLSERVANDUS—THE CRIMSON-WINGED GREEN

WOODPECKER. ;

Gecinus puuiceus (Horsf.); Haryitt, Cul., p. U4; Sharpe (3),
p- 279,

Gecinus puniceus observandus, Harler!, Nov. Zool., iii., p. 542: ul,
fc. 1x., p. 547; Grant (1), p. 101; id. (2), p. 41.

Cumimon throughout the State, except in the mangrove swamps,
extending up the hills to about 3,000 ft., where it meets and is replaced
by the succeeding species.

There are specimens in the Selangor Museum from the Semangko
Pass and Ginting Bide, besides numerous lowland localities.
181

71. @BCINUS ROBLNSONI-THE BLACK-CAPPED WOODPECKER.

Geamus robinsom, Grant, Bull. B.O.C., xix., No. ¢., xxv, p. 10
(1906) ; id. (2), p. 42.

The types of this Woodpecker, whose nearest ally is Gecinus occipi-
talis which occurs in Tenasserim, were obtained on Gunong ‘Tahan
between 5,300 and 6,000 ft., and up to the present remain unique. The
species will, however, not improbably be found on the high mountains
in the vicinity of Temongoh, where the Kelantan, Perak and Pahang
frontiers converge.

72. GAUROPICOIDES RAPELESI-RAPVLE'S THREE-TOED WOODPECKER.
Gauropicoides rafilesi (Vig.): Haurgitt, Cut., p. 132; Greut (1),
p. 100; id. (2), p. 41.
A local species, not as a rule ascending the hills to any great cleva-
tion, and commoner in the southern half of the Peninsula.

73. GECINULUS VIRIDIS-THE GREEN BAMBOO PECKER,
Gecinulus viridis, Blyth; Journ. Asiat. Soc. Benyal, 1862, p. 341.
Huryitt, Cut., p. 1386 (1890); Robinson, Journ. Ped. Malay States Mu-
seunts, 11., p. 76, No. 306 (1908).

Ma.e.—General colour above golden olive green, yellower on the
sides of the oceiput and nape; crown of head and nape rich scarlet,
the feather greenish at their bases ; rump aud upper tail coverts flecked
with scarlet, beneath duller olive green ; primaries aud secondarics
dull brown; the outer webs margined with olive green, more broadly
on the secondaries, the inner webs with large white spots; axillaries
and under wing coverts dusky, with buffy white spots; tail feathers
blackish brown, the outer webs fringed with olive, and the inner
webs with buffy white spots; shafts black; iris chestnut; tarsi and
feet plumbeous green; bill livid bluish grey, whiter at the tip.

Fematy.—Sinular to the male, but with the crown and nape yellow-
ish olive.

ImMatTuRE.—Three very immature males from Ginting Bidei, shot
in April and May, have the whole under surface brownish black, greyer
on the throat and faintly washed with olive green on the belly and
flanks; upper surface olive green without the golden tinge of adult
birds; head greyish brown, the feathers broadly tipped with golden
olive, the occipital region more or less strongly washed with scarlet ;
the rump in all three specimens flecked with scarlet.

SpecIMENS Examinep.—Fifteen, Semangko Pass, 2,700-4,500 ft.
(February) ; Tanjong Malim, 500 ft. (April) ; Ginting Bidei, 2,300 ft.
(April and May); ‘Telém, Perak-Pahang boundary, 3,800 ft.
(November).

This Woodpecker appears to be uot uncommon on the lower slopes
of the Selangor and South Perak Main Range throughout almost its
entire length, but seems hitherto to have escaped notice, which is
182

probably due to the fact that it is exclusively confined to dense
bamboo jungle which is almost nupenetrable and exceedingly un-
pleasant to collect in, owing to the immense number of large and
venomous mosquitoes whieh frequent it. The only other place within
Peninsular hmits, from which this species has been recorded, is
Jxossoum near Tongkah, so that the present localities are an extension
in range southwards of over 500 miles.

7h PYRRHOPICUS PORPHYROMELAS—THE MALAY BAY WOODPECKER,

Lepocestes porphyromelas (Boie): Huryitt, Cat., p. 382; Sharpe
(2). p. 443; Sharpe (3), p. 279; Grant (2), p. 40.

Has a very wide range in altitude from the swamp jungle near the
coast almost to the tops of the highest peaks of the main range, but
nowhere very common.

In habits it is sumlar to its congener, keepimg on or near the
«round. Found in every locality visited on the main range.

7. PYRRMOPICUS PYRRHOTIS—-THE RED-EFARED BAY WOODPECKER,
Lepocestes pyrrhotis (Hodys.); Hargitt, Cat., p. 380; Sharpe (3)
p. 20:
In the Malay Peninsula, this species, so far as is at present known,
is confined to the mountains of the main range above 4,000 ft. from

Telém in Batang Padang on the north to Gunong Mengkuang Lebah
to the south.

The Selangor Museum possesses specimens from the latter locality
and from the hills above the Semangko Pass, where the bird was not
uncummon, being found in fairly dense undergrowth, usually on fallen
timber.

is. MIGLYPTES TUKKI-THE BUFE-NECKED BARRED WOODPECKER,
Miglyptes tukki (Less.) ; Hargitt, Cai., p. 388; Sharpe (5), p. 279;
Butler, p. 24; Hartert, p. 547.

Very common up to 3,000 ft., but not higher.

7, MIGLYPTES GRAMMITHORAX-THE FULYOUS RUMPED BARRED
WOODPECKER.
Miglyptes grammithorax (Malh.) ; Hargitt, Cat., p. 385; Sharpe
(2), p. 443; Butler, p. 23; Hartert, p. 547.

Occurring with the preceding and about equally common.

8. MICROPTERNUS BRACHYURUS—THE MALAY RU¥OUS WOODPECKER,
Micropternus brachyurus (Vieill.); Hurgitt, Cat., p. 296; Sharpe
(3), p. 279; Bonhote, p. 72; Hartert, p.547; Grant (1), p. 99. id. (2),
p. 41.
Usually found near cultivation or in secondary jungle, feeding on
ants or tree termites, and rarely in high forest. A pair from the Se-
maneko Pass differ in no way from lowland birds.
183

7% CHRYSOPHLEGMA MALACCENSE—-THE BANDED RED WOODPECKER.

Chrysophlegma malaccense (Lath.) ; Hargitt, Cat., p. 122; Sharpe
(2), p. 442; Bonhote, p. 71; Grant (1), p. 100; id. (2), p. 41.

Chrysophlegma miniatus malaccensis, Hartert, p. 546.

Specimens are in the Selangor Museum from Telém, Perak-Pahang
boundary, 4,000 ft.; Semangko Pass, 2,700 ft.; and Gunong Angsi,
Negeri Sembilan, 2,600 ft. They appear indistinguishable from others
obtained in the low country at heights not exceeding 500 ft.

80, CHRYSOPHLEGMA WUMII-HUME’S GOLDEN-NAPED WOODPECKER.

Chrysophlegma humii, Harg., Cat., p. 126; Butler, p. 23; Hartert,
p. 546; Grant (1), p. 100; id. (2), p. 41.

Another low country and submontane form reaching 3,000 ft. on
the main range at the Semangko Pass, above which it is replaced by
C. wrayi. Found on Gunong Tahan at 3,000 ft. by myself and at
4,000 ft. by Waterstradt in the same locality, where, however, C. wrayi
does not occur.

81. CHRYVSOPHLEGILA IWRAYI-WRAYS GOLDEN-NAPED WOODPECKER.

Chrysophlegma wrayi, Sharpe; Hargitt, Cat., p. 150, pl. ii.: Sharpe
(3), p. 279; Bonhote, p. 71; Grant (1). p. 100.

This fine species of Woodpecker is confined to the mountains cf
the Peninsula and does not oeeur below 3,000 ft. It is not found on
the isolated range of Gunong Tahan, nor does it occur at Ginting
Bidei, Gunong Ulu Kali, being the most southerly *recorded locality.
Wherever met with it is a common species frequenting good-sized
jungle trees in pairs. It is very restless, and at the least alarm takes
to flight, emitting a harsh scream or yell sumilar to that of the English
Green Woodpecker (Gecinus viridis).

A female by dissection in the Selangor Musemm (189/08), shot on
the Semangko Pass on 25th February, 1908, is assuming the plumage
of the male, having the basal portions of the feathers of the chocolate
malar stripe lemon-yellow.

92. CHRYSOCOLAPTES VALIDUS—THE ORANGE BACKED WOODPECKER.
Chrysocolaptes validus (Temm.); Hargitt, Cat, p. 458; Bonhote,
p. 72; Graut (1), p. 99; id. (2), p. 99.

Rare on the mountains.

83. IZEMICERCUS SORDIDUS—THE GREY AND BUFF WOODPECKER,

Hemicerens sordidus (Eyton); Hargitt, Cat., p. 482; Hartert,
p. 547; Grant (1), p. 98.

An immature male obtained at Ginting Bidei, 2,300 ft., in
October, 1907, appears to represent the maximum elevation at which
the species occurs in the Peninsula. It is fairly common in the low
country, especially m bamboo jungle.

o
184.

Si PICUMNUS INNOMINATUS-~THE SPECKLED PICULET.

Picumnus innominatus (Burton): Hargitt, Cat., p.550; Sharpe (2),
p. 443.

Vivia innominata (Burton) ; Butler, p. 24.

Three specimens obtained at a height of 4,500 ft. on the hills above
the Semangko Pass are the only ones obtained in the Malay Peninsula,
with the exception of the two recorded by Sharpe and Butler from
the Larut Hills. At elevations of from 3,000-5,000 ft. the species is
probably not very uncommon, but, owing to the fact that it frequents
the tops of high trees, is very difficult either to see or obtain.

83. SASL1 ABNORMIS EVERETTI—THE MALAYAN RUFOUS PICULET.

Sasia everetti, Hargitt, t.c., p. 559, pt. xv.; Hartert, p. 547.*

Sasia abnormis (Temm.) ; Sharpe (3), p. 279.

A submontane bird, widely but sparingly distributed throughout
the Peninsula up to about 3,000 ft. Found among low trees and
brushwood frequently, perching transversely on the boughs, not longi-
tudinally like other Woodpeckers.

I have followed Hartert in adopting the name of the Bornean
form for the species, which differs from the continental race in having a
somewhat larger and more robust bill.

An immature female from the low country near Tanjong Malim,
obtained in April, 1908, precisely resembles the figure of the type, an
unsexed specimen from Lumbidan, Borneo, obtained by Sir Hugh Low.

EURYLAMID/.
sb, CALYPTOMENA VIRIDIS-THE GREEN GAPER,

Calyptomena viridis (Raffles); Sclat., Cat. Birds Brit, Mus., xiv.,
p. 456 (1888); Hartert, p. 548.

Ginting Bidei, 2,300 ft. May, 1908.

Common everywhere in the low country, especially in old secondary
jungle. It does not appear to range far intothe mountains, and the
above elevation seems to be the greatest definitely recorded, though
Waterstradt’s birds from Gunong Tahan (Hartert, loc. cit.) ave labelled
2.000-5,000 ft.

sil. PSARISOMUS DALHOCSLE—VUK LONG-TAILED BROADBITLL.

Psarisomus dalhousie: (Jameson) ; Sclater, Cut., p. 458 (1888) ;
Butler, p. 23; Grant (2), p. 38.

Common on the Semangko Pass at about 3,000 ft., though on
Gunong Tahan it was met with as low as 500 ft. The only other
recorded localities in the Peninsula are the Larnt Hills, 3.500 ft., and
Telam, South Perak, 3,500 ft.

 

* Waterstradt is stated to have obtained the species on Gunong Tahan at from
5,000-7,000 ft., bat I think that some mistake has probably taken place in the Jabell-
ing. It was probably secured much lower down the range,
185

8&8 SERILOPHUS ROTHSCHTEDI-ROTHSCHILD'S BROADBILT.

Serilophus rothsehildi, MHartert and Butler, Bull. B.O.C., vii,
No. liv., p. 50 (1898); id., Nov. Zool., v., p. 508; Butler, p. 22; Robinson,
antea, p. 77, No. 381.

Mave.—Forehead and anterior part of the crown bluish grey,
darkening to dull brownish grey on the occiput and mantle ; back, rump
and upper tail coverts chestnut, duller on the back; starting from in
front of the eye and reaching as far as the hind neck a glossy black
superciliary streak, broadening posteriorly, the feathers somewhat
elongate; loral region dark grey ; ear coverts grey with a tinge of
brown ; a white ring round the eye; under surface silvery grey, bluish
on the breast and white on the centre of the abdomen and under tail
coverts ; tibial feathers glossy black ; tail feathers black, all but the two
centre pairs broadly tipped with white and with a narrow edging of white,
extending some distance up the outer webs; primaries glossy black,
the innermost narrowly tipped with chestnut on their inner webs with
a speculum of grevish blue on the outer webs, and another white one
on the inner webs, extending just beyond the shafts; the primaries,
secondaries and tertiaries broadly tipped with white which extends
some distance up the shafts, the white tips succeeded by an ill-defined
band of greyish blue; remaining primaries, with the terminal portion
of the shaft, white and very narrowly tipped with blue; secondaries
similar to the inner primaries, but a much broader band of chestnut on
the inner web: tertials chestnut, blackish basally ; wing coverts glossy
black, the lesser ones nlong the angle of the wing dark bluish grey ;
under wing coverts black; axillaries white.

“Tris greenish brown, mottled with golden specks; eyelid and
base of mandible for about + in. bright gamboge yellow; bill pale
bluish white, tip and lateral edges whitish ; fect pale greenish chrome ;
claws milky blue.”’-—(A. LZ. Butler).

Total length, 62 in. (158 mm.); wing, 3.5 in. (89 mm.) ; tail, 2.6
in. (65 mm.); tarsi, .75 in. (19 mm.); bill culmen, .62 in. (16 min.) ;
bill gape, .93 im. (24 mm.).

FemaLe.—Similar to the male, but with a gorget, mterrupted mesi-
allv, on the lower neck, formed by glistening white tips to the feathers.

Immaturn Mater (half grown).— Almost identical with the adult
male, but with the occiput browner and the chestnut on the tertials less
developed ; legs in dried skin pale yellowish, not dark greenish.

One of the most noticeable features in birds of this genus is the
curious form of the outer primaries, which are abruptly truncated at
the tip with the shaft extended for about + in., forming a sharp point.

SPECIMENS HExaminep.-—Five, Ginting Bidei, Selangor, 2,300 ft.
(May and November), from bamboo jungle.

Until these specimens were obtained in November, 1907, this very

beautiful species was known only from the three original specimens
obtained by Mr. Butler on the Larut Hills between 2,500 and 3,500 ft.
186

in February and Mareh, 1898. That it) has not been obtained
more frequently is probably due to the fact that it is largely confined
to bamboo jungle, which, as mentioned previously, is difficult and
unpleasant to collect in.

8, EURYL.EMUS JAVANICUS—HORSEFIELD'S BROADBILL.
Eurylemns Javanicus (Horsf.); Sclater, Cat., p.463; Hartert, p. 548.
Bukit Kutn, Ulu Selangor, 3,000 ft. Augnst, 1902.

Usually found on the foot hills, and not extending to greater eleva-
tion than the above.

90, CORYDON SUMATRANUS—THE DUSKY BROADBILL,

Corydon sumatranns (Raffles) ; Sclater, Cat., p. 466; Sharpe (3),
p. 278; Hartert, p. 548; Grant (2), p. 39.

Bukit Kutn and Semangko Pass, 2,700-3,500 ft.

Not found higher than the above limit, and much commoner on the
lower hills, 500-7,000 ft.

HIRUNDINIDA.
M. HIRUNDO GUTTURALIS—THE EASTERN SWALLOW.
Hirnndo gutturalis, Scop.; Sharpe, Cat. Birds Brit. Mus., x., p. 184
(1885) ; Sharpe (2), p. 442; Butler, p. 20.
Fairly common everywhere to considerable altitudes, especially in
the winter months when young birds are in the great majority.

MUSCICAPIDA.
0. MEMICHELIDON FULIGINOSA—THE SOOTY FLYCATCHER,

Hemichelidon siberica (Gm.) ; Sharpe, Cat. Birds Brit. Mus., iv.,
p. 120 (pt.) (1879) ; Butler, p. 18.

The Sooty Flyeatcher occurs in migration in the mountains of the
Peninsula on migration, but is not abundant, and does not remain long.
Specimens are in the Selangor Museum from Semangko Pass, 3,000 ft.
(January): Bukit Kutu, 3.000 ft. (December): Tanjong Malim, 1,300 ft.
(April).

93. HEMICHELIDON FERRUGINEA—THE PFERRUGINOUS VPLYCATCHER.

Hemichelidon ferruginea, Hodgs.; Sharpe, Cat. p. 132; Butler,
p. 18; Hartert, p. 548; Graut (1). p. 95.

A migratory species like the preceding, but much commoner and
apparently making a longer stay if not actually resident. The Selangor
Museum possesses specimens from most localities visited on the main
range, dated from October to March, and Waterstradt collected it at.
from 2,000-5,000 ft. on Gunong Tahan, where I did not myself meet
with it in July. It has not vet been met with in the lowlands of the
Peninsula itself, but T secured one specimen on the Aroa Islands—a
small group of low islands in the Straits of Malacea, about 25 niles off
the Sumatran Coast—in November.
187

M4, ALSEONAN LATIROSTRIS—THE BROWN FLYCATCHER,
Alseonax latirostris (Rafiles) : Shgrpe, Cat.. p. 127; Butler, p. 19;
Grant (1), p. 94.
A winter visitor to the Peninsula. Specimens in the Selangor
Museum are dated from November to February.

9%. CYORNIS CONCRETA-THE WHITE-TAILED BLUE FLYCATCHER.

Pachycephala cyanea (Hume) ; Gadow, Cat. Birds Brit. Mus., viit.,
p. 224 (1883).

Niltava leucoprocta (Tweedd.) ; Sharpe (3), p. 272.

Cyornis concretus (Miill.) ; Hartert, p. 549; Grant (2), p. 37.

Another characteristic bird of the mountain bamboo jungle. TI
have before me seven skins from Ginting Bidei, collected in November
and May, and a single male from the Semangko Pass, shot in April.
Evidently a rare and local species, as besides these specimens only three
others on record from the Malay Peninsula. I regard the occurrence
of the species at as low an elevation as 500-1,000 ft. on Gunong
Tahan (Grant, loc. cit.) as purely accidental,

0, CYVORNIS MALAYVENSIS—THE MALAY BLUE AND CHESTNUT
FLYCATCHER,

Cvornis malayensis, anfea, p. 163.

39. Telém, Perak-Pahang boundary, 3,500 ft. November, 1908.

Will probably be found along the whole length of the main range
above 3,000 ft.

97, CYORNIS UNICOLOR JNFUSCATA—THE PALE BLUE FLYCATCHER,
Siphia unicolor infuscata (Blyth) ; Hartert., p. 215,
Siphia unicolor, Sharpe, Cat., p. 446.

Four specimens before me (¢ 2, Ginting Bidei, October and Mav ;
6, Bukit Arang, Selangor, 500 ft.; 9, Gunong Tahan, 3,300 ft., June)
agree with Dr. Hartert’s remarks on the subject, in that the males are
of small size (wing, 76-87 mm.) and very brightly coloured.

98. CYORNIS TICKELLLE-TICKELL'S BLUE FLYCATCHER.
Siphia tickellie (Blyth) ; Sharpe, Cat., p. 447.
Cyornis tickelliz, Buéler, p. 18.
Fairly abundant at the Semangko Pass in February and at Ginting

Bidei in May. From the latter locality young birds in mottled plun-
age were obtained, so that the breeding season is probably in April.

99. NITIDULA HODGSONI-THE PIGMY BLUE FLYCATCHER,
Tarsiger hodgsoni (Moore); Sharpe, Cat., p. 258.
Nitidula hodgsoni, Butler, p. 18.

Two males shot on the hills above the Semangko Pass in February,
1908, and Butler’s specimen from 4,500 ft. on the Larut Hills are the
only records for the Malay Peninsula,
188

WwW ANTHTPES MALAVANA—TIHTE MALAY WHITE GORGETED
FLYCATCHER,

Digenea malavana, Sharpe (3), p. 247; Butler, p. 18; Grant (2),
p. 37.
Anthipes malayana, Sharpe (8), pp. 247, 272.

Distribution in the Peninswa as Muscicapula westermannit. Com-
mon above 4,000 ft. in low sernh.

101, NILTAVA GRANDIS DECIPIENS—THE MALAYAN NILTAVA.
Niltava grandis, Hodgs.; Sharpe (1), p. 351. id. (2), p. 4365 id.
(3), p. 272; Hartert and Butler, p. 507; Butler, p. 19.
Niltava decipiens, Salvad., Ann. Mus. Cir. Gen. (2), xii, p. 49
(1892); Grant (1), p. 94; id. (2), p. 37.
Niltava grandis decipiens, Hartert, p. 551.

Exceedingly common amongst low sernb on all the hills above
abont 3,500 ft.

102. ERYTHROMYVIAS IUELLERI-THE SWORT-TAILED FLYCATCHER.

Erythromyias muelleri (Blyth); Sharpe, Cat., p. 200; Hartert,
p. 551.

Ginting Bidei, 2,300 ft. October.

Semangko Pass, 2,700-4.500 ft. February.

This species occurs at low altitudes within a few miles of Kuala
Lumpur, and has also been found dead on the beach at Kuantan on
the East Coast (Pahang) after a heavy storm, so that it is not
impossibly migratory.

103, POLIOMYTAS LUTEOLA-THE ORANGE BREASTED FLYCATCHER.
Poliomyias luteola (Pall.); Sharpe, tc, p. 201; Grant (1), p. 94.

Bukit Kutu, 3,000 ft. November, 1898.
Semangko Pass, 2,700 ft. November, 1900.

The two specimens recorded above, both collected by Butler, and two
adult males from Telom are very much more intense in colouration
than individuals of the same sex collected on Pulau Terutau—an island
off the West Coast of the Peninsula, about 80 miles north of Penang-—
in December, 1907.

104, MUSCICAPULA WESTERMANNI-THE LITTLE MALAY PIED
FLYCATCHER,

Muscicapula westermanni, Sharpe, P.ZS., 1888, p. 280; Butler,
p. 52; Hartert, p. 551; Grant (2), p. 38.

Fairly common on all the hills of the main range, on the Larut
tange and on Gunong Tahan, above 4,000 ft.. hut not descending lower.
189

105. MUSCICAPULA MALAY ANA-THE MALAYAN RUPOUS- BREASTED
BLUE PLYCATCILER,

Muscicapula malayana, Grant, Bull, B.O.C., xix., No. exxvii., p. 10
(1906) ; id. (2), p. 38.

Muscicapula hyperythra, Sharpe (3), p. 270; Hartert, p. 552.

The only locality in Selangor for this Flycatcher is Gunong Mene-
kuang Lebah, 4,800-5,200 ft., where itis common. The general distri-
bution in the Peninsula is the same as that of the preceding species,

except that the present form has not yet been met with on the Larut
Hills.

106, GERYGONE MODIGLIANIT—MODIGUIANTS FLYCATCHER.
Gerygone modighann, Salvad., Ann. Mus. Civ. Gen. (2), xi, p. 71
(1891); Hartert, p. 552
Gerygone pectoralis, Davison, Ibis, 1892, p. 99: Sharpe, Bull,
B.O.€., u., p. 7 (1892).
Two specimens only, are on record from the Malay Peninsula: the

type of G. pectoralis from the Coast of Pahang near Pekan, and Water-
stradt’s skin from Gunong Tahan, 2,000-5,000 ft.

107, CVANOPTILA BELLA-HAY'S FAIRY CLYCATCHER,
Xanthopygia cyanomelena (Temin.); Sharpe, Cat., p. 249.

Four birds--an adult, and two immature males, coliected hy Mr.
A. L. Butler on Bulat Kutu, Ulu Selangor, 3,000 ft., and an adult
male from Pulan Terutan, north of Penang, shot in March—appear
to be the only specimens of this migratory bird hitherto obtaimed in
the Peninsula.

0S, IYPOTHVMIS AZUREA-TUE AZURE FLYCATCUER,

Hypothymis azurea (Bodd.) ; Sharpe, Cat., p. 274; Hartert, p. 552 ;
Grant (1), p. 94: id. (2), p. 37.

Three thousand feet is about the superior limit of this species,
which is very comznon in the low country.

1, RITPIDUR.A ALBICOLLIS—THE WHITE THROATED FAN-TALL
FLYCATCHER,

Rhipidura albicollis (Vieill.) ; Sharpe, Cal., p. 317; Sharpe (2),
p. 485; Hartert and Buller, p. 507; Butler, p. 19; Grant (1), p. 92;
id. (2), p. 37.

Rhipidura atrata, Salvad., Anu. Mus. Civ. Gen., xiv., p. 208
(1879) ; Hartert, p. 552.

Common everywhere above 3,000 ft., but difficult to obtain in good
plunage.

Lt have followed Grant in not recognising R. «trata, Salvad.,
described from the mountains of Sumatra and based mainly on the
wider white tips to the tail feathers as distinct.
190

110. TERPSIPHONE AFFINIS—THE BURMESE PARADISE FLYCATCHER.

Terpsiphone affinis (Blyth); Sharpe, Cat., p. 349; Sharpe (3),
p. 270; Butler, p. 19; Hartert, p. 553; Grant (2), p. 37.

Adult. specimens in white plumage are in the collection from
Ginting Bidei, shot in May, and also numerous examples in the chestnut

g =e p

phunage, amongst which may be included 7’ incii, which, however, is a
migrant and does not probably occur in the Peninsula so late in the
spring.

About 3,500 ft. represents the superior limit of the species,
specimens having been obtained at that height at Telém in the Batang
Padang highlands, South Perak.

lll. PHILENTOMA VELATUM—THE MAROON-BREASTED FLYCATCHER.

Philentoma velatum (Temm.); Sharpe, Cat., p. 365; Sharpe (3),
p. 271; Hartert, p. 553; Grant (2), p. 36.

Bukit Kutu, August, and Ginting Bideci, May.
Not met with above 5,500 ft.

1122. PHILENTOMA PYRRHOPTERUM—THE CHESTNUT-WINGED
FLYCATCHER.

Philentoma pyrrhopterum (Temm.); Sharpe, Cat., p. 866; Sharpe
(3), p. 271; Hartert, p. 553.

Ginting Bidei. October.

Altitudinal range as in the two preceding species.

113. RUINOMYIAS PECTORALIS—SALVADORD’S FLYCATCHER.
Rhinomyias pectoralis (Salvad.); Sharpe, Cat., p. 368; Hartert,
p. 553; Grant (2), p. 35.
Specimens from Tanjong Malim, South Perak, at the foot of the
main range are in the Selangor Museum.

14, CULICICAPA CEYLONENSIS—THE GREY-HEADED FLYCATCHER,

Culicicapa ceylonensis (Swains.) ; Sharpe, Cat., p. 369; Sharpe (3),
p. 271; Butler, p. 19; Hartert, p. 553.

Bukit Kutu, Semangko Pass and Ginting Bidei.

A submontane bird, rare in the low country, but not ascending the
hills to more than 3,000 ft.
M3. CRYPTOLOPHA TRIVIRGATA-STRICKLAND'S FLYCATCHER WARBLER.

Cryptolopha trivirgata (Strickl.) ; Sharpe, Cat., p. 396; id. (2),
p. 435; id. (3), p. 271; Hartert, p. 553; Grant (2), p. 36.

Gunong Mengkuang Lebah, 4,800-5,200 ft.

Not asa rule below 4,000 ft., but fairly common on most mountains
above that elevation.

 
len

lig. CRYEPTOLOPILE BUTLERI-BUTLER'S FLYCATCHER WARBLER,

Cryptolopha butleri, Hurtert, Bull. B.O.C., vii., No. liv. p. 50
(1898) ; id., Ibis, 1898, p. 435; id., Nov. Zool., v., p. 508 (1898).

g,2 9. Semangko Pass, 3,000-4,000 ft. February, 1898.

The type specimen was collected on Gunong Tjau on the Larut
Range at about 4,000 ft, and remained unique until the above three
specimens were obtained. The nest was also secured among roots and
rubbish beneath an overhanging bank at the side of a path ; it was the
usual deep cup-shaped structure characteristic of the smaller Fly-
catchers and contained a nestling of the Drongo Cuckoo (Suruiculus
lugubris). The male parent was shot in the immediate vicinity of the
nest.

U7. CRYPTOLOPH.L DAVISONI—DAVISON’S FLYCATCHER WARBLER.
Cryptolopha davisoni, Sharpe, P.Z.S., 1888, p. 271; Grant (2), p. 35.
Gunong Mengkuang Lebah, 4,800 ft. March, 1907.

In company with C. trivirgata, but much rarer.

lis, ABRORNIS SCUIWANERI-THE BAMBOO FLYCATCHER WARBLER,

Cryptolopha schwaneri (Blyth); Sharpe, Cat., p. 403; td., in
Whitehead’s Kinabalu, p. 214 (1892).

Semangko Pass, 3,000 ft. February; Ginting Bidei, 2,300 ft. October and
May.

Common in bamboo jungle in the above localities, but hitherto
overlooked.

The main distinction between this species and the closely allied
Abrornis superciliaris from Tenasserim lies in the greyish black, not
brown lores, and in the greater extent of the grey crown.

The specimen of A. superciliaris in the British Museum referred to
by Oates (Faun. Brit. Ind. Birds, i., p. 430) requires re-examination.
If the identification is correct, there is probably some mistake in
locality as it is in the highest degree unlikely that any bird of the
genus occurs in the island.

a. STOPAROLA THALASSINOIDES—THE MALAYAN VERDITER
FLYCATCHER,
Stoparola thalassinoides (Cab.); Sharpe, Cut., p. 439; id. (3),
p. 271; Hartert, p. 553.

1 g. Semangko Pass. February, 1908.

Apparently somewhat rare and local in the Malay Peninsula. The
only other specimens in the Selangor Museum are: one shot by Mr.
A. Ju. Butler at Kuala Lumpur in March, 1900, and one from Tel6m,
November, 1908.
192

CAMPOPHAGID A.
0, ARCAMIDES LARUTENSIS THE MOUNTAIN CUCKOO SHRIKE,
Artaiides larutensis, Sharpe. P.Z.S., 1887, p. 435.
Graucalus larttensis (Sharpe): Butler, p. 18: Hartert, p. 504;
(rrant (2), p. do.
Fainly conimon, replacing G. suwatrensis (S. Mall.) above 5,000 ft.
Ih LALAGH CULMINATA
Lalage culminata (A. Hay); Sharpe, Cat. Birds Brit. Mus., 1v.,
p. 104 (1879); Bull. B.O.C., 1., No. 2, p. vii. (1892).
Campophaga minor, Davison, bis, 1892, p. 99.

Talage fimbriata culminatus, Hertert, Nov. Zool, ix.. pp. 5
do” (1902).

=
Or
a

Gunoug Tahan.

122. PERICROCOTUS FLAMMIFER-DAVISON'S SCARLET MINIVET,
Pericrocotus flammiufer, Hume; Sharpe, Cat., p. 74; Butler, p. 17;
Grant (1), p. 90.
Very comnion on the Semangko Pass up to 3,000 ft., but very
rare in the low country, where, however, it is occasionally met with.
13. PERICROCOTUS FRATERCULUS—THE BURMESK SCARLET MINLVET.
Pericrocotus fraterculus, Swinh.; Sharpe, Cat., p. 73 (1870).
Pericrocotus speciosus fraterculus, Butler, p. 170; Hartert, p. 555.
The specimens from Gunong Tau, 1,500-3,500 ft., and Gunong
‘Tahan, 3,000 ft., are the only ones from the Malay Peninsula, with
which I am acquainted; I have not met with the species myself, nor
is it represented in the Selangor, Perak or Singapore Museums.
121. PERICROCOTUS MONTANUS-WRAY'S MINIVET.
Pericrocotus montunus, Salvad., Ann. Mus. Civ. Gen., xiv., p. 205
(1879) ; Hurtert, p. 554; Graut (1), p. 91; id. (2), p. 34.
Pericrocotus wrayi, Sharpe (3), p. 269, pl. xv.; Butler, p. 17;
Bouhote, p. 60.

Exceedingly conunon on all the Selangor mountains above 3,000 ft.,
becoming scarcer above 4,500 ft.

PYCNONOTID:.
3. -ETHORIYNCHUS LAFRESNAYEI-TME GREAT LORA,
Asthorhynehus lafresnayei (Hartl.) ; Sharpe, Cat. Birds Brit. Mus.,
vi., p. 14 (1881); Grant (1), p. 88.
Bukit Kutu, 3,000 ft., and Ginting Bidei, 2,300 ft.
Not very rare in certain localities, but seldom procured, as it keeps
to the tops of fairly high trees. There is a series of six specimens in

the Selangor Museum, including lowland Jocalities close to Kuala
Duunpur.
LOS

6. CHLOROPSIS MARDWICKIT-THB ORANGH-BELLIED GREEN BULBUL,

Chloropsis hardwicki, Jard. and Selby.; Sharpe, Cut., p. 18;
(rrant (1), p. 89.

Semangko Pass, Gunong Ulu Kali and Gunoug Meugkuang Lebah.

Fairly abundant in the above localities, usually not below 4,000 ft.
In Perak it occurs on the Larut Hills and in the Batang Padane
Highlands at similar elevations. It has not yet been collected on
Gunong Tahan, but doubtless occurs there.

27. CHLOROPSIS ZOSTEROPS—THE MALACHITE-SHOULDERED |
GREEN BULBUL.

Chloropsis zosterops, Vig. : Sharpe, Cul., p. 24; Grant (2), p. 33.

Chloropsis viridis viriditectus, Hartert, Nov. Zool., 1x., pp. 212, 557
(1902).

Mr. Butler collected a pair on Bukit Kutu, 3,000 ft., in November,
1898, but it has not since been met with on the mountains in Perak
and Selangor. It occurs up to 3,300 ft. on Gunong Tahan.

Ws, CHLOROPSIS ICTEROCEPUALA—-THE YEULLOW-HEADED
GREEN BULBUL,

Chloropsis icterucephala (Less.); Sharpe, Cut., p. 30; Butler, p. 14;
Hurtert, p. 557.

Semangko Pass and Ginting bidei.

Not reaching more than 3,000 ft. The commonest species of the
Genus in the Malay Peninsula.

29, CHLOROPSIS CYANOPOGON—THE BLUE-WHISKERED
GREEN BULBUL.

Chloropsis cyanopogon (‘Temim.); Sharpe, Cut, p. 32; Hurtert,
p. 997.

Ginting Bidei, 2,300 ft. May, 1908. ,

The range of this species is similar to C. icterocephalu, but it is
decidedly scarcer.

130, IRENA CYANEA-THE MALAYAN FAIRY BLUE BIRD.

Irena cyanea, Begbie ; Sharpe, Cut., p. 179; Butler, p. 14; Harteit,
p. 567; Grant (1), p. 88; id. (2), p. 33.

Very common at low elevations, becoming searcer on the hills and
disappearing at 3,000 ft.

131, HEMIXUS CINEREUS—THE ASHY BULBUL,

Heimixus cinereus (Blyth); Sharpe, Cat., p. 52; Bonhote, p. 61;
Hartert, p. 557; Grant (1), p. 88; éd. (2), p. 82.

Common on almost every mountain visited in the Malay Peninsula

from Bukit Besar (2,500 ft.) near Patani in the north to Mount Ophir
in the south.
194.

The types of the species and of Tole terricolur, Hume, founded on
worn specimens are stated to have come from near Malacca, but are
probably from the slopes of the Mount Ophir. The species is, however,
said to occur near sea level in Johore. Its superior limit is about
4,200 ft.

Ib. WEMINUS MALACCENSIS—THE STREAKED BULBUL.

Hemixus malaccensis (Blyth); Sharpe, Cut., p. 52; Hartert,
p. 599; Grant (1), p. 88; id. (2), p. 33.

Ginting Bidei, 2,300 ft. October.

Decidedly rare north of Malacva on the W. Coast, the above speci-
men being the only one I have seen from Selangor. Common on
Gunong Tahan.

133, JOLE OLIVACHA—-THE OLIVE GULBUL.

Tole olivacea, Blyth; Sharpe, Cut., p. 55: Butler, p. 15; Hartert,
p. 958; Grant (1), p. 87.

Ginting Bidei, 2,800 ft. May, 1908.
Not found on the mountain beyond 2,500 ft., but fairly numerous
in thick jungle on the foot hills. The specimens before me (seven in
number) are very typical and show no approach to Tole virescens, which i
has been recorded from Tonka in the north of the Peninsula.
13h. TOLE PERACENSIS—THE MOUNTAIN STREAKED BULBUL,

Iole tickelli peracensis, Hartert and Butler, Nov. Zool., v., p. 506
(1898) ; Butler, p. 15; Hartert, p. 558.

lole peracensis, Gravt (1), p. 87; id. (2), p. 32.

lole tickelli, Sharpe (2), p. 437; Bonhole, p. 61.

Very common on most inountains above 2,500 ft. Does not occur f
south of Selangor.

135, MICROPUS MELANOLEUCUS—-THE BLACK AND WHITE BULBUL.

Microtarsus melanoleucus (Eyton); Sharpe, Cut., p. 69; Grant
(2s 32"

A single specimen was collected on Bukit Kutu by Butler in

November, 1898. It has been met with on Gunong Tahan as Ingh as
6,000 ft., and is common on the Sclangor Coast throughout the year.

136, CRINIGER TEPHROGENYS-THE LOWLAND CRESTED BULBUL.

Criniger tephrogenys (Jard. and Selby.); Sharpe, Cat., p. 71,
foot-nole; Hurtert, p. 558; Grant (1), p. 86; id. (2), p. 31.

Ginling Bidei, 2,300 ft. May, 1908.

 

Common from the sca coast to about 2,500 ft., above which its place
is taken by C. ochraceus (Moore). F
195

137, CRINIGER OCHRACKEUS—THK UPLAND CRESTED BULBUL,

Criniger ochraceus, Moore; tv Horsf. and Moore, Cat. B. Mus.,
HH. I, Co., i., p. 252; Hartert, p. 559; Grant (2), p. 35.

Criniger gutturalis, Sharpe, Cat., p. 80; Butler, p. 24.

Criniger sordidus, Richmond, Proc. U.S. Nat. Mus., xxi, p. 320
(1900).

Fairly common from 2,000-4,000 ft., replacing the lowland C.
tephrogenys, but found at sea level on Pulau Langkawi, north of

Penane.
18. CRINIGER FINSCHIE-FINSCIVS BULBUL,

Criniger finschn, Salvad.; Sharpe. Caé., p. 84. pl vi, tig, 1;
Hartert, p. 660.

Normally a low country form. The Selangor Museum possesses
specimens from the viemity of Kuala Lumpur and from Tanjong
Malim, Perak. Met with by Waterstradt on Gunong Tahan from
2,000-5,000 ft.

139, TRACHYCOMUS OCHROCEPIALUS—THE YELLOW CROWNED BULBUL.

Lrachycomus ochrocephalus (Gin.); Sherpe, Cat., p. 93; if. (3),
p. 272.

Though this bird is exceedingly conunon on the banks of the big
rivers, it is never, so far as my experience goes, met with im deep
jungle. There is, therefore, probably some mistake in the labelling of the
specimen recorded by Sharpe as from the Bataug Padang mountains.
10, ALOPHOIXUS PILEOCEPHALUS—THE CRESTLESS WHITE-THROATED

BULBUL.

Criniger plheocephalus (Hartl.) ; Sharpe, Cat., p. 74

Alophoixus pheeocephalus (Hartl.); Faun. Brit. Ind., 1, p. 259
(1889) ; Hartert, p. 560.

Ginting Bidei, 2,300 ft. October, 1907.

Somewhat local and not extending far up the hills.

WW, PRICHOLESTES CRINIGER—THE UWAIRY-BACKED BULBUL,
Tricholestes criniger (Blyth) ; Sharpe, Cat., p. 89: Butler, p. 14:
Hartert, p. 560; Grant (A), p. 86; td. (2), p. 31.
Bukit Kutu and Ginting Bidei.
Common; found as igh as 3,000 ft.

M2. PYCNONOTUS FINLAYSONI-VINLAYSON'S STRIPE THROATED BULBUI,

Pycnonotus finlaysoni, Strickl.; Sharpe, Cat., p. 144; Butler,
p. 15; Bonhote, p. 62; Hartert, p. 560; Grant (1), p. 85.

One specimen from Semangko Pass, 2,700 ft., another from
Tanjong Malim at the foot of the main range, and a third from
Kuala Lumpur are the only records of this species from the State
of Selangor. North of the latitude of Taiping it is very abundant,
probably extending somewhat further to the south on the East Coast.
It is stated to be common in Malacca, whence Hume's collectors
obtained numerous specimens.

éfar,, 190),
196

M38. PYCNONOTUS SIMPLEX—MOORK'S OLIVE BULBUL.
Pyenonotus simplex (Less.); Sharpe, Cat.. p. 153, pl. ix., Butler,
p. 15; Bonhote, p. 62; Hartert, p. 560; Grant (1), p. 86; id. (2), p. 31.
Ginting Bidei. May, 1908.

Common everywhere in secondary and old jungle up to 3,000 ft.

Iss, OTOCOMPSA FLAVIVENTRIS—TILE BLACK-CRESTED YELLOW BULBUL,
Otocompsa flaviventris (Tick.) ; Sharpe, Cut., p. 161; Butler, p. 14.
Sparsely distributed above 2,000 ft. Specimens are in the Selangor

Museum from Bukit Kutu, Semangko Pass and Ginting Bidei.

145. RUBIGULA CYANIVENTRIS—THE GRUEY-BELLIED BULBUL.
Rubigula cyaniventris (Blyth) ; Hartert, p. 561; Grant (2), p. 31.
Pycnonotus cyaniventris (Blyth) ; Buéler, p. 15.

Bukit kntu, 8,000 ft. August, 1902.

Common in the lowlands and up to 3,000 ft.

146. RUBIGULA WEBBERI~THE SCALY-BREASTED BULBUL,
Rubigula webber: (Hume); Sharpe, Cat., p. 171; Hartert, p. 561;
Grant (2), p. 31.
Bukit Kutu, 3,000 ft. August, 1902.

The above specimen is the only one I have seen from the western
Federated Malay States.

TIMELUDA.

i, GAMPSORIYNCHUS SATURATIOR—TUE WIWTE-HEADED SHRIKE
BABBLER.
Gampsorhynchus saturatior, Sharpe, P.Z.S., 1888, p. 273; Butler,
p. ll: Grant (1), p. 83.
Semangko Pass, 2,400-3,00U ft.

This species is only known from the type procured by My. Wray
in the Batang Padang highlands in South Perak, and the very
numerous specimens obtained by Mr. Butler, myself and the collectors
of the Selangor Museum at the Semangko Pass, where the bird is very
common, It is generally seen in early morning or evening high among
the bamboos, and is very active and restless in its habits. The zone it
inhabits is very limited, and I have never seen it above 3,000 ft.,
nor much below 2,400 ft.

Is. HOPETES MACROCERCUS—TIU MALAYAN EUPETES,.

Kupetes macrocercus (‘Temm.); Sharpe, Cat. Birds Brit. Mus., vii.,
p. 338 (1833); Hartert, p. 561: Grant (2), p. 30.

Semangko Pass and Ginting Bidci.

A bird that seems to be very rarely met with, uow that the days of
the old Malacca plumage hunters are a thing of the past. I have
Vor

never seen the bird myself, but my Dvak hunters tell me it runs about
on the ground among fallen timber like a Pitta. Tt has not been met
with above 3,000 ft.

M9, TROCILALOPTERON PENINSUL-E-TME MALAY LAUGHING THRUSH,

Trochalopteron peninsule, Sharpe, P.Z.S., 1887, p. 436, pt. xxxvil. ;
Hartert and Butler, p. 506; Butler, p. 11; Bonhote, p. 63; Hartert,
p. 562; Grunt (2), p. 30.

Common on all the peaks of the Peninsula Main Range, south to
Gunong Mengkuang Lebah, and also on Gunong Tahan ; not so com-
mon on the Larut Range from G. Inas to the hills above Taiping ; not
asa rule found below 3,500 ft. A bird with a pleasant clear whistle
usually met with in parties of four or five on low trees and bushes,
sometimes nearly on the ground. Peculiar te the Peninsula.

150, POMATORHINUS BORNEENSIS—CABANDS SCIMITAR BABBLER.

Pomatorhinus borneensis (Cab.); Sharpe, Cat., p. 411; Hurtert,
p. d6l.

Ginting Bidei. November, 1907,

Not rare on the lower hills of the southern portion of the Malay
Peninsula up to about 2,500 ft. Waterstradt obtained it on Gunong
Tahan at 4,000 ft.

15. POMATORINNUS WRAYT-WRAY’S SCIMITAR BABBLER.
Pomatorhinus wrayi, Sharpe, P.Z.S., 1887, p. 4387; Butler, p. 11;
(rrant (2), p. 30.
Sparingly distributed on mountaims above 4,000 ft. as far south
as Gunong Mengkuang Lebah.

132. MELANOCICHLA LUGUBRIS—THE BLACK BABBLING THRUSH.
Melanoeichla lugubris (8S. Mill.) ; Sharpe, Cat. p. 451; Grant
(1), p. 84.

Melanocichla peninsularis, Sharpe, P.Z.S., 1888, p. 274.

Hitherto only found on the mountains of the main range from
Batang Padang in South Perak to Gunong Mengkuang Lebah in
Selangor at altitudes of from 3,400-5,000 ft. Usually on low trees
or among fallen timber near the ground in parties of from three to
seven.

133, RUINOCICHLA MATRATA-VHE CHESTNUT CAPPED BABBLING
THRUSH,

Rhinocichla nutrata (S. Mill.) ; Sharpe, Cat., p. 452 (1883); .,
P.ZS., 1886, p. 352; 1888, p. 274; Butler, p. 11; Bonkote, p. 63;
Hartert, p. 562; Grant (1), p. 84; td. (2), p. 562.

Common on nearly all the bigh mountain in Selangor above 3,000 ft.,
though apparently rare on Gunong Tahan, where I did not procure or
see it, and where Waterstradt only got two specimens.
198

154. TURDINUS ABBOTTI-ABBOTY’S BABBLER.

Turdinus abbotti (Blyth); Sharpe, Cat., vii., p. 540 (1883); Grant
(2), p. 29:

Turdinus abbotti olivaceum (Stniekl.); Butler, p.12; Hartert, p. 562.

A single specimen from Ginting Bidei marks the upper range of
this species.

A very common bird in the low country, usually found in parties of
three or four among low buslhies in secondary jungle. It is at first
sight easily confused with the succeeding species, which is fuund in
company with it. Indeed until Mr. Boden Kloss pointed out the
niistake, the whole of the series of both species in the Selangor Museun
had been registered under the above name.

On careful examination certain marked differences present them-
selves by which the two species can be at once differentiated ; as the
table of dimensions shows T. abbotti is a larger bird than TZ’. sepiarius
with noticeably longer tail and coarser bill, though the tarsus is
slightly longer in the latter. The colour of the upper surface is richer
and darker in 7. sepiarins, the head being slightly darker than the
rest of the upper surface. In addition there is a distinct grey super-
cilium, which is quite absent in 7. abbotti. In the latter, the feathers
vf the head, more noticeably of the mantle, have pale shaft stripes,
which is not the ease in 7. sepiariue.

153. TURDINUS SEPIARIUS—HORSFIELD'S BABBLER.

Curdinus sepiarius (Horsf.); Sharpe, Cat., p. 544; id., P.ZS.,
1888, p. 275; Hartert, p. 563.

Ginting Bidei. October and May.

Also near Kuala Lumpur.

TABLE OF DIMENSIONS.

Turdinus abbotti.

Locality. Sex. Wing. Tail. Culmen. a Jarsus.
gape.
min. Thi. mim. mm. nr.
Cheras, Selangor (8-5-'08) g ad. 71 59 19 22 25
7 (22-5-°08) g .. 74 53 19 23.5 2p
# r d 72 D7.5 19 23 24.7
Kuala Lumpur (February,
Yay). Py we 0D 5 20.20 24.5 26
Tanjong Karany, Selangor
Coast (16-]-’08) we Oo (05 GbF 20 25 25
Cheras, Selangor (14-5-"08) J ,, ae 58 1 ee
Ginting Bidei, Selangor,
2.500 ft. (1-11-07) 0. Fo 8 03.9 20.9 25 25
Malacea (trade skip) —... ae oo 20 23 2a

Kuala Tembehing, Pahang
(September, 1907)... G ies oh M5 2a whi
i)

Turdinus sepiurins.

Bill

Locality. Sex, Wing. Tail. Culneu. from Tarsus.
. gape.

mim, mn. mm. mm, mm,

Nr. Kuala Lumpur, Selan-

gor (8-707) @ 67 445 18 21 2%
7 , gg 68 48 17.5 20 26.5
» (9-7-'07) 9 71 44 18 20 26.4
PP (7-7-'07) 9 69 4] (worn) 18 21 245

Ginting Bidei, Selangor,

2,300 ft. (26-1007) 71.5 48 18.5 20. 6
; (31-10-07) 71.5 49 18.5 2) 27
(9-508) g 68 49 17.5 21 25.5

156, TURDINUS MACRODACTYLUS—STRICKLAND'S BABBLER.
Turdinus macrodactylus (Strickl.) ; Sharpe, Cat., p. 548 (1883).
North of the latitude of Malacca, this species does not appear to be

a very common bird, and the Selangor Museum possesses but few
recent specimens, three from Ginting Bidei, and another from the Batu
Caves near Kuala Lumpur.

157. TURDINUS LORICATUS—MULLER’S BABBLER.

Myiothera loricata, Mill, Tijdschy. Nat. Gesch. Amsterd., 1835,
p. 348.

Turdinus marmoratus, Wardl.-Rams., P.Z.S., 1880, p. 15.

Turdinus loricatus, Sharpe, Cat. Birds Brit. Mus., vii., p. 550 (1883);
Robinson, Journ. Fed, Mal. States Mus., iti., p. 79; No. 446 (1907).

ApuLt FemaLe.—General colour above rufous brown, the feathers,
except those of the rump, obscurely edged with black, less markedly so
on the head and lores ; throat white, the feathers narrowly tipped with
black, the black tips much broader on the malar region; ear coverts and
a large patch on each side of the neck bright russet chestnut; breast
and centre of the abdomen greyish black, each feather broadly and
irregularly barred and tipped with white; flanks, thighs and under
tail coverts russet brown, the latter faintly tipped with whitish bnff ;
primaries dull brown, more rufous on the outer webs; tail rufous
brown; under wing coverts brown with paler margins: iris chestnut ;
bill and tarsi black.

Total length, 8.4 in.; wing, 3.9 in.; tail, 3.2 in.; culmen, .85 in. ;
tarsus, 1.4 in.

ImMaturRE FEMALE.—Similar to the adult, but with the feathers of
the head, hind neck and mantle with rufous shaft stripes, broadening
towards the tips of the feathers.

SPECIMENS EXaMINED.—One adult female from Ginting Bidei,
Selangor Main Range, 2,300 ft., dated 3rd November, 1907, and two
adult females and an immature female from the Semangko Pass,
Selangor, 28th February, 1908.
200

Like Geciaulus viridis this Timeliad isan inhabitant of thick bam-
boo jungle and has eseaped notice hitherto for similar reasons. It is
strictly a ground bird with very limited powers of flight, but displays
great agility In running along the fallen bambvos and rubbish, amongst
whieh it lives.

T have never shot the species myself, all those obtained having
been seenred by a Dyak collector, and have only once canght a glimpse
of it.

Careful comparison with Dr. Sharpe’s deseription (loc. cit.) reveals
no tangible difference between the Malayan and Sumatran form, from

the mountains of which island alone the species has hitherto been
recorded.

138. DRYMOCATAPHUS NIGRICAPITATUS—THE BLACK-CAPPED BABBLER.
Drymoeataphus nigrieapitatus (Eyton); Sharpe, P.Z.S., 1888,
p-275 ; Gramé (2), p. 29.

Ginting Bidei, 2,300 ft.. and numerous other places in the Selangor lowlands.

159 DRYMOCATAPHUS TICKELLI-TICKELL'S BABBLER.
Drymoeataphus tickelli (Blyth) ; Sharpe, Cat., p. 557 (1883).
This bird is common at the Semangko Pass between 2,200 and

3,000 ft., and at Ginting Bidei at similar elevations, and a single
specimen was also obtained by Mr. Butler on Bukit Kutu, 3,000 ft.
It is also abundant in the Batang Padang highlands. It is only
found in dense jungle and is very shy, which, perhaps, accounts for the
fact that it has not hitherto been recorded from the Malay Peninsula.

“i, SETARTA CINEREA-THE SMALLER RED-HEADED TREE BABBLER.
Malacopterum cinerum (Eyton) ; Sharpe, Cat.. vii., p. 565; Hartert,
p. 564; Grant (1), p. 85.
Attaining its maximum elevation at about 2,500 ft. ‘Three speci-
mens were collected at Ginting Bidei in May, 1908.

Gl. SETARIA MAGNIROSTRIS—THE BROWN-IHEADED TREE BABBLER.
Turdinus magnirostris (Moore) : Sharpe, Cat., p. 547: Robinson,
Journ. Fed. Mal. States Mus,, ii., p. 79 (1907).
Malacopternm magnirostre, Hartert , p. 563: Grant (1), p. 835 id.
(2), paza:
Ginting Bidei, 2,300 ft. May, 1908.

Range as in the preceding species.

142. ANCROPSIS MALACCENSIS-THV; MALAY WREN BABBLER,
Anuropsis malaccensis (Hart].) : Sharpe, Cat.. p. 588: Grant (2),
p. 20.
Very common from the sea coast to about 2,500 ft., above which
level it is not met with, its place being apparently taken by Corytho-
cichla leucosticta.
»)]

18. TURDINULUS GRANTI-GRANTS! WREN BABBLER,
Turdinulus granti, Richmond, Proc, US. Nat. Mus., xxii., p. 320
(1900).
Turdinulus exsul, Grant, Ibis, 1895, p. 60.
Turdinulus humei, Hartert, Nov. Zool., ix., p. 564 (1902); Robinson,
Journ, Fed. Mal. States Mus., i., p. 26 (1905),

24,3 9. Ginting Bidci, Selangor, 2,300 ft. Oct., Nov., 1907; May, 1908,
é. Semangko Pass, Selangor, 2,700-4,500 ft. Febrnary, 1908.
oe Gunong Angsi, Negri Sembilan, 2,600 ft. April, 1906.

A comparison of the above series, which is actually before me, with
Mr. Richmond’s description of the five specimens collected by
Dr. Abbott in Trang reveals no material differences, and T. humei,
Hartert, must, therefore, be regarded as a pure synonym.

Dimensions.— Wing, 2.07 in. (2.10 in.*) ; tail, 1.02 in. (.96 in.) ;
tarsus, .87 in, (.88 in.) ; culmen, .56 in. (.57 in.). The specimen from
Semanglko Pass is somewhat darker and more fulvous than the others,
but is closely approached in this respect by a female from Ginting
Bicei.

The species has been obtained by Mr. Kloss in Southern Johore, so
that its range extends practically throughout the whole length of the
Peninsula.

161, CORYTHOCICHLA LEUCOSTICTA—THE MALAY STREAKED BABBLER.
Corythocichla leucosticta, Sharpe, P.Z.S., 1887, p. 488; Butler,
p. 11; Bonhote, p. 64; Grant (2), p. 28.
Turdinulus striatus leucosticta (Sharpe) ; Hartert, p. 665.
Common everywhere from the tops of the highest mountains down
to about 2,500 ft. Not known south of Selangor.

163. ALCIPPE PERACENSIS—TH¥, MOUNTAIN NUN THRUSH.

Alcippe peracensis, Sharpe, P.Z.8., 1887, p. 439; Butler, p. 12;
Hartert, p. 566; Grant (1), p. 82; ad. (2), p. 28.

Quite the commonest bird in the mountains, found everywhere
about 3,000 ft. in parties of five and six, searching the boughs of low
shrubs for insects. Below 3,000 ft. its place is taken by A. cinerea,
which is, however, a much rarer bird relatively.

166. ALCIPPE CINEREA—-THE GREY NUN THRUSH.

Alcippe cinerea, Blyth; Sharpe, Cat., p. 622; Butler, p. 12;
Hartert, p. 566; Grant (1), p. 82; id. (2), p. 28.

Common at Ginting Bidei in October and May.

167. PSEUDOMINLA SOROR—THE MALAY TIT BABBLER,

Minla soror, Sharpe, P.Z.S., 1887, p. 439, pt. xxxviii., fig. 1;
Grant (2), p. 25.

Pseudominla soror, Sharpe, Hand-l. Birds, iv., p. 47 (1903).

Sittiparus castaneiceps soror, Hartert, p. 25.

Very abundant on Gunong Mengkuang Lebah, rarer near
Semangko Pass.

* Dimensions in parentheses are those of the type specimen,
909

WS. NTACHYRIS DAVISONI-DAVISON'S BABBLER,
Stachyris nigriceps, Sharpe (nec Hodgs.), P.Z.S., 1887, p. 440.
Stachyris davisoni, Sharpe, Bull, B.O.C., i., p. vii. (1892); Butler,
p. 12; Hurtert, Nov. Zool.,i., p. 471 (1894); id., op. eit., ix., p. 566
(1902); Grant (1), p. 82; Grant (2), p. 28.
Fairly common at intermediate elevations, southward from Central
Perak to Southern Johore, the Rhio Archipelago and the Natunas.

Wa, NSTACHYRIS POLIOGASTER—-HUME'S BABBLER,
Stachyris poliogaster, ume; Sharpe, Cat., p. 539.
é. Bukit Kutu, Uln Selangor, 3,000 ft. October, 1898. A. L. Butler [e].

g 9. Ginting Bidei, Selangor, 2,800 ft. October, 1907, and May, 1908.

Besides the type, whieh was collected by Davison on Gunong Pulai
in Southern Johore. these seem to he the only specimens met with up to
the present.

170. STACHYRIS POLIOCEPHALA-TUE GREY-HEADED BABBLER,

Stachyris polioeephala (Temm.) ; Sharpe, Cat., p. 534; Butler,
p. 12; Hartert, p. 566: Grant (2), p. 258.

Fairly common up to 2,500 ft. in suitable localities.

lil. STACHYVRIS LEUCOTIS-THE WIHITE-EARED BABBLER,
Stachyris leucotis (Strickl.) ; Sharpe, Cat., p. 537.
2. Snneei Tali, Ulu Bentone, Pahang, 1,500 ft. Deeemher, 1904.
Apparently somewhat local, as few recent collectors have met with
it. The only other locality, whenee the Selangor Museum possesses
specimens, is Gunong Angsi, Negri Sembilan, where it was found to he

very common in April, 1906. It is also abundant (fide Kloss) im
South-western Johore.

12. STACHYRIS NIGRICOLLIS~THE BLACK-NECKED BABBLER,
Stachyris nigricollis (Temm.) ; Sharpe, Cat., p. 535; id. (3), p. 275.
Collected by Wray on the Batang Padang mountain. We have only

found it in low country, where it is very abundant in certain localities.

173. STACHYRIS CHRYS.EA BOCAGEI-THE GOLDEN BABBLER.
Stachvris bocagii, Salvad., Ann. Mus. Civ. Gen,.xiv., p. 223 (1879).
Cyanoderma chrysea, Sharpe, P.Z.S., 1887, p. 440.
Stachyridiopsis chryscea assimilis (Walden) ; Hartert, p. 566.
Stachyridiopsis chryswa (Hodygs.); Butler, p. 12; Grant (1),

p81; i@ (2). pee

Stachyris chrysops, Richmoud, Proc, Biol. Soc, Washington, xv.,
p. 157 (1902).

Abundant in small flocks on inmost of the higher hills above 3,000 ft.
On the Semangko Pass the species was breeding in Febrnary, 1908,
and two half-fledged young, which are uniform olive brown without
a trace of golden vellow, were obtained on the 27th of that month.

 
.

903

The twelve adnit specimens in the Selangor Museum (74,59)
agree minutely with the description of Stuchyvis chrysops, Richmond,
from Trang [Proe. Biol. Soc. Wushiuyton, xx., p. 157 (1902) |, which
was founded on a single specimens.

The birds in freshly-mounted plumage are too bright to be refer-
able to S. ussinalis from N. Tenassernn, and I have therefore followed
Grant in regarding them as identical with 8. bocayei from the moun-
tain of Sumatra, of which, in the absence of farther material confirming
the species, Sé. chrysops must be regarded a synonyin.

WL KENOPIA STRIATA-THE STRIPED BABBLER,
Nenopia striata (Blyth) ; Shivpe, Caut.. p. 573. Hartert, p. 567,
Apparently rare. I lave aot yet met with the bird.

3. JEXORNIN GULARIS—THE YELLOW-BREASTED BABBLER.

Mixornis gularis (Raffles) ; Sharpe, Cat., p. 168; id., P.Z.S., 1888,
p. 279; Bonhotle, p. 64; Butler, p. 12+ Hartert, p. 567: Grant (1), p. 8.

Widely spread throughout the Peninsila up to about 2,500 ft.,
but commonest on the sea coast, especially among Casuarinas. The
Selangor Museum possesses a larga series ranging from the Langkawi
eroup of islands, north of Penang, to Malacca. Specimens from the
former locality are distinctly intermediate between the present species
and the Indian AL rubricapilla.

176, MACRONUS PTILOSUS—THE FLUFFY-BACKED BABBLER.
Macronus ptilosus, Jard. and Selby; Sharpe, Cat., p. 583; id. (3),
p- 275.
Batang Padang mountains (Wray). Almost the commonest. of the
smaller Tineliide in the low country,

WZ. MYVIOPHONEUS DICRORHYNCHUS—-THE LARGER WITSTLING
THRUSH,

Myiophoneus dicrorhynchus, Salvad.: Sharpe, t.c., p. 10; Grant
(2), p. 27.

Myiophoneus, sp. ine., Sharpe, P.ZS., 1887, p. 436.

Myiophoneus eugenii, Hume; Butler, p. 12; Bonhote, p. 163.

2 6. Semaneko Pass, 2,500-4,500 ft. Pebruary, 1908.

A large Myiophoneus is Common in certain parts of the Malay
Peninsula, but in the lowlands appears to he only found in vicinity of
the precipitous limestone cliffs.

* All the large Myiophoueus from the Malay Peninsula seem to be the
sume species, though whether referable to the Tenasserim species, J.
eugenti, Hume, or the Sumatran, A. dicrovhyuchus, is hard to say.
The former, if distinct, must be very close indeed to the Sumatran
race, Which was described first. T have followed Grant in his identifiea-
tion, but by Sharpe’s Key (Cat. Birds, vil, p. 6) all would appear to
helong to M. eugenii.

 

* Since the above was in type we have obtained very large series of Myio-
phoneus tenmincki fromthe islands of Langkawi and Terutan, north of Penang.
204

VS. MYTOPHONEUN ROBINSONI- THE MOUNTAIN WHISTLING THRUSH ,
Myiophoneus robinsoai, Grant, Journ, Fed. Mal. States Mue., i,
p. 104 (1905).
By no means uncommon on the high mountains of Selangor above
3,500 ft.
Specimens are in the Selangor Museum from Gunong Mengkuang
Lebah, Gunong Ulu Kali and the mountains above the Semangko Pass.

170. BRACHYPTERYX WRAYI-WRAY'S SHORT WING,
Brachypteryx nipalensis, Sharpe, P.Z.S., 1888, p. 273; Butler, p. 13.
Brachypteryx wrayi, Grant, Bull. B.O.C., xix., No. exxvin., p. 10

(1906): id., Journ. Fed. Mal. States Mus., 11., p. 26 (1908).

Gunong Mengkuang Lebah and Semangko Pass.

Four specimens from the above localities agree well with the
type description, with a skin from Gunong Tahan, and with three males
from the vicinity of the type locality.

180, SIBIL SIMILLIMA-THE MALAYAN SIBIA.
Sibia simillima (Salvad.); Sharpe (1), p. 352; id. (3), p. 274;
Butler, p. 13: Bonhote, p. 63; Grant (1), p. 8; td. (2), p. 26.
Sibia picaoides simillima, Hertert, p. 567.
Met with in flocks of six or seven, and very noisy. Exceedingly
common on the Larut Hills and the Peninsular main range, south to
Southern Selangor, but not found below 3,000 ft.

i. SIVA MALAY AINA—-THE MALAYAN CHESTNUT-TAILED SIVA.

Siva castaneicauda, Sharpe (nec Hume), P.Z.8., 1888. p. 275;
Bouhote, p. 64+.

Siva malayana. Grant (2), p. 25.

Siva strignla malavana, Hartert, p. 567.

Rather rare in Selangor, whence the Selangor Museum possesses
only two specimens from Gunong Mengkuang Lebah and Gunong
Un Kah, dated February and March. Both are in unworn plumage
and differ from the large series of Tahan specimens, which are very
faded and abraded in having the under surface below the throat and
the under tail coverts bright orange yellow clouded with olive on the
breast and flanks; the head is rich golden olive, deepening to dark
orange on the forehead, and clearly defined from the back, which is
ereyish, strongly washed with yellowish olive, not almost pure, pure
grey as in the Tahan birds. The differences are most striking, but
are almost certainly due to the age of the feathers only.

2, SIT SORDIDIOR—THWE MALAYAN DULL SIVA.
Siva sordidior, Sharpe, P.Z.S., 1888, p. 276; Butler. p. 13; Grant
(1), p. 80.
Generally distributed over the high mountains of Selangor and
Perak above 4,000 ft.. but nowhere very common.
2)

183. WERPORNIS ZANTHOLEUCA—THE WHITE BELLIED HERPORNIS,
Herpornis zantholeuca, Hodgs. ; Shurpe (3), p. 275; Butler, p. 13;
Hartert p. 568; Grant (1), p. 80; id. (2), p. 25.
A submontane bird, commonest at about 1,500 ft., but found as
high as 3,300 ft.

184. CUTIA CERVINICRISSA—~THE MALAYAN CUTIA.
Cutia cervinicrissa, Sharpe, P.Z.S., 1888, p. 276; Grant (1), p. 80.

Found on the mountains of the main range from Batang Padang.
in South Perak, to Gunone Mengkuang Lebah, in Selangor, above

4,000 ft.

The eight specimens now in the Selangor Museum and many other
duplicates which have passed through my hands all bear out the
diagnosis of the species in having the abdomen and lower tail coverts
rufous tawny, not white as in C. nipalensis.

185. PTERYTHIUS -ERALATUS—TICKELL’S SHRIKE TIT.

Pterythius eralatus (Tick.) ; Sharpe (2), p. 440; id. (3), p. 276;
Butler, p. 14; Bonhote, p. 64; Hartert, p.576; Grant (2), p. 22.

Distributed above about 3,500 ft.

186. PTERYTHIUS TAHANENSIS-THE TAHAN SHRIKE TIT,
Pterythius tahanensis, Hartert, p. 576; Grant (2), p. 22.
Gunong Mengkuang Lebah and Semangko Pass, Selangor.

Rare in Selangor and only found well above 4,000 ft.

187, MESLA ARGENTAURIS—THE SYLYER-EARED MESIA.
Mesia argentauris (Hodgs.); Sharpe (1), p. 352; id. (3), p. 276;
Butler, p. 14; Hartert, p. 568; Grant (1), p. 80; id. (2), p. 25.

Common at high elevations throughout the mountains of the
Peninsula to the south of Selangor.

TROGLODYTID.

188, PNOEPYGA LEPIDA—THE HILL WREN.

Pnoepyga lepida, Salvad., Ann. Mus. Civ. Gen., xix.. p. 227; Grant
(2), p. 24.

Pnoepyga pusilla, Sharpe, P.Z.S., 1888, p. 273.
gad, 2imm. Hills above Semangko Pass, 4,000 ft. February, 1908,

Decidedly rare and only found amongst the very thickest scrub,
whence it is very difficult to obtain specimens.

The immature bird is dull blackish brown, beneath the feathers
with blackish edges, the throat feathers paler, also edged with black.
906

TROGOLYTID A.
Ss, GEOCICHLA INTERPRES -TEMMINCK'S GROUND THRUSH,

Geoeichla interpres (Temm.) ; Seebohin, Cat. Birds Brit. Mus., v.,
p. 167 (1881); Richmond, Proc. U.S. Nat. Mus., xxii., p. 319 (1899).

Known at present from the mountains of Trang, Northern Malay
Peninsula, and Rembau (Hume, 8. F., viit.. p. 39) in Negri Sembilan,

wo. GROCTCHLA INNOTATA—THE MALAY GREY AND ORANGE
GROUND THRUSH,

Geocichla innotata (Blyth); Seebohm, Cat.. p. 176. Butler, p. 20.*

 

It is exceedingly curious fact that no recent collector has been able
to obtain any of the Malay Geocichla. Tam not aware of any speci-
mens having been obtained in the last twenty years, nor are there any
in any of the local Museum. Possibly they are confined to the north
of the Peninsula. Butler’s specimen noted above was only seen.

IM. CICIHLOSELYS SIBERICUS—THE SIBERIAN GROUND THRUSIL.
Geocichla siberica (Pall.) ; Seebohm, Cat., p. 180 (1879).
Geocichla davisoni, Hume; Grant (1), p. 78.

Common on the higher Selangor mountaims in winter. I have had
through my hands over twenty specimens of this Ground Thrush, of
which thirteen are now hefore me, and I do not bheheve that it is
possible to distinguish two races, G. davisoni, Hume, being as the
author himself considered merely the very old male (Stray Feathers,
v., pp. 63, 156, 1877). One specimen (Sel. Mus. 679/07) exactly
answers to the deseription of G. davisont, Dut all the others have
much more white about them. I have obtained this species on Pulau
Jarak in the middle of the Straits of Malacca, off the mouth of the
Perak River in December, 1904, but the skin was ‘unfortunately
destroyed hy rats.

2, OREOCICHLA AFFINIS—RICUMONDS MOUNTAIN THRUSH.
Oreocichlu horsfieldi, Richmond, Proce. Biol. Sor. Washington, xx.,
p. 158 (1902).

Mountain of Trang, Northern Malay Peninsula.

3. TURDUS OBSCURUS—THE DARK OUZEL.
Merula olbscurus (Gin.) ; Seebohm, f.c., p. 273.
Turdus obsenrns (Gm.); Grant 1), p. 78.
I'wo feinales, evidently on passage, were shot on Gnnong Ulu Kali,
Selangor, 4,700 ft., in February, 1905.

 

Recently I have secured three specimens from Terntan and Langkawi,
which are somewhat intermediate between G. cétrina (Lath.) and G. tnnotata
in respect to the white tips to the primary coverts.
207

lv. PETROPHILA SOLITARIA-TNE KASTERN BLUE ROCK 'TURUSHL
Mouticola solitaria (Mill) ; Seeboli., Cut., p. 319.
Montivola cyanus solitaria, Butler, p. 20.
Cyanocincla solitaria, Hume, Stray Feathers, ix., p. 116 (1580).
The most southerly speciinen recorded from the Malay Peninsula.
Shot in February on the Larnt Hills. Also obtained at Ghirbee
(Hume, loc. cit.).
A male of the western form, P. cyaneus, was shot by M. Boden
Kloss at the Batu Caves, Kuala Lumpur, on 3rd August, 1908.

195. PETROPIILA GULARIS—TUK CULNESE ROCK THRUSIL.
Monticola gularis (Swinh.) ; Seebohim., Cat., p. 326; Butler, p. 20.
Besides the specimen from the Larut Hills recorded by Butler

(loc. cit.), there is another mounted and undated specimen from the

same locality in the Taiping Museum. A third specimen is known
from Malacca [| Hume, Stray Feathers, ix., p. 116 (1880) ].

1, JY DROCICHLA RUPFUCAPILLA—THE CHUESTNUT-BACKED
FORK TAIL.
Hydrocichla ruficapilla (Temm.); Sharpe, Cat., p. 319; Butler,
p- 19; Hartert, p. 572.
36,2 9. Ginting Bidci, 2,300 ft. May, 190S.

Common on clear rocky streams and torrents throughout the
Peninsula up to about 3,000 ft.

197. 2ENICURUS SCHISTACLUS—THE SLATY-BACKED FORK TAIL.

Henicurus sehistaceus, Hodgs.; Sharpe, Cat. Birds Brit. Mus., vii,
p. 365 (1883) ; Butler, p. 19; Hurtert, p. 570; Grant (1), p. 79.

Found in similar situations to the preceding, but not as a rule

below 4,000 ft., though Butler obtained it on the Larut Hills at 2,000 ft.
Very abundant above the Semangko Pass.

Ws, LARVIVTORA CVANLA-THE SIBERIAN BLUE CHAT,

Larvivora cyanea (Pall.) ; Seebohm., Cat. Birds Brit. Mus., v., p. 803
(1881); Butler, p. Is.

This species is met with throughout the Malay Peninsula from
October to April, but is common in the hills than in the low country.

It has also been met with in some of the islands in the Straits of
Malacca, also during the winter montlis.

19, VOTODLLA LEECURA—TILE WHITE-TAILED BLUE ROBIN,
Notodela leucura (Hodys.); Sharpe, Cat. Birds Brit. Mus., vii.,

p. 28 (1883); Butler, Journ. Strait. Branch Roy, Asiut. Svc., No. 34,
p. 99 (1900).

A single female collected by A. L. Butler on Gunong Ijau, Larut
Mills, at 4,000 ft. in March, 1898, is the only record for the species 1
208

the Malay Peninsula; elsewhere it is known froin Mt. Mooleyit in
Tenasserim and from Nepal and Sikkim. It has been overlooked by
me in my Hand-list of the Birds of the Malay Peninsula, autea, p. 60.

200. COPSYCHUS MUSICUS-THE STRAITS ROBIN,
Copsychus musicus (Rattes): Sharpe, P.Z.S., 1888, p. ve
Hartert, p. 575; Grant (1), p. 79.
Copsychus saularis (Linn.) ; Sharpe, Cat., p. 1: Butler, p. 20.
Occasionally found in large hill clearmgs and along the roads
crossing the main range, but not a normal imhabitant of mountain

jungle.
201, CITTOCINCLA MACRURA-YHE SHAMA.

Cittocincla tricolor (Vieill.) ; Sharpe, Cat., p. 84; Grant (1), p. @9.

Wittocinela macrurus (Gm.); Hartert, p. 572.

The Shama ascends the hills to about 3,000 ft., but is very much
commoner in the low country though not met with in swamp jungle.

vor, LRICHINUS PYRROPYGUS—-THE ORANGE-TAILED THRUSH.
Trichixus pyrropygus (Less.); Sharpe, Cat., p. 32; Grant (2),
p. 24.
Met with on Gunong Tahan at 3,000 ft. ; fairly common in the low
country, but local.

SYLVIIDA.
205, ORTHOTOMUS ATRIGULLRIS—-THE BLACK-THROATED TAILOR BIRD.
Orthotomus atrigularis (Temm.); Sharpe, Cat. Birds Brit. Mus.,
Vil., p. 220 (1883) ; Budler, p. 16.
Semangko Pass, February, and Ginting Bidei, May.

Not met with much above 3,000 ft.

201, SULORIA MACULICOLLIS-THE LONG-TAILED TAILOR BIRD.

Sutoria maculicollis (F. Moore) ; Sharpe, Cat., p. 218; id. (2), p. 440.

Sutoria maculicauda (Lbapsu) ; Butler, p. 17.

Common in gardens, etc. I have not myself noted it on the lulls
where it has been obtained by Wray and Butler.

093, FRANKLINLA RUFESCENS—BEAVAN’S WREN WARBLER.
Citiscola beavani (Wald.) ; Sharpe, Cat., p. 225; Butler, p.16; Grant
(2), p. 23.
Franklinia rufescens (Blyth) ; Hart., p. 569.
Cominon in the lowlands at certain times of the year. One speci-
men was obtained at the Semangko Pass in February, 1908.
03, ACANTHOPNEUSTE CORONATA-TEMMINCK’S CROWNED
WILLOW WARBLER.
Phylloscopus coronatus (Temm. and Schleg.) ; Seebohin, Cat. Birds
Brit. Mus., v., p. 49 (1881).
gad. Telém, Perak-Pahang horder, 3,000 ft. 12th October, 1904.
Alsy obtained at Malacca [ Hume, Stray Feathers, viii., p. 65 (1879)!.
209

207, PHY LLERGAVES—CIN EREICOLLIS—~THE ORANGE-HEADED WARBLER.

Phyllergates cinereicollis, Sharpe, Ibis, 1888, p. 479; Gruut (2),
p- 23.

Phyllergates cucullatus (‘Temm.) ; Sharpe, Cut. Birds Brit. Mus.,
vii, p. 229 (1885) ; Sharpe (2), p. 440; id. (3), p. 273; Butler, p. 16;
Hartert, p. 569.

Common on the Selangor Mountains above 3,500 ft.

208. SUA WATERSTRADTI-THE TAHAN HILL WARBLER.
Suya waterstradti, Hartert, Nov. Zool., ix., p. 568 (1902); Grant
(2), p. 23.
So far as is at present known confined to the higher parts of
Gunouvg Tahan, where it is very common.

LANITDAs.
200, ILEMIPUS PICATUS-THE BLACK PIED SHRIKE,
Henipus picatus (Sykes); Sharpe, Cet. Birds Brit. Mus., iii,
p. 307 (1877); Hurtert, p. 576.
Replacing the lowland H. obsewrus (Horsf.) above 3,000 ft.,
but not verv common.

210, TEPHRODORNIS GULARIS-TME MALAY WOOD SHRIKE,

Tephredornis gularis (Raffles); Sharpe, Cet. Birds Brit. Mus.,
p. 278 (1877 ); Butler, p. 17; Hartert, p. 576; Grant (2), p. 21.

Does not range high into the mountains. Butler got it on the
Larut Hills at 3,000 ft., and it is abundant on Gunong Angsi
in Negri Sembilan at 2,600 ft.

20, PLATYLOPHUS ARDESIACUS (CABJ—-THE JAY SHRIKE,

Platylophus ardesiacus (Cab.) ; Sharpe, Cat., p. 317; id... P.ZS.,
1888, p. 269; Grant (1), p. 77.

Common at Ginting Bidei.

An immature bird is greyer below somewhat browner above and with
the greater wing coverts tipped with butf.

212, LANIUN TIGRINUS—THKE THICK-BILLED SKRIKE,

Lanius tigrinus (Drap.) ; Gadow, Cut. Birds Brit. Mus., vii, p. 289
(1883); Butler, p. 17; Grunt, Nov. Zool., ix., p. 480 (1902); Hartert,
p. 576: Grant (2), p. 77.

2 2 imm. Semangko Pass. February, 190s.

Adult birds seem very rare in the Malay Peninsula. There are
ouly two in the Selangor Museum collection, one from Gunong Angsi,
Negri Sembilan, 2,600 ft., and another from Tanjong Malim at the
foot of the main range, both females, and both shot in April.
210

PARIDAS.
23. WELANOCHLOR.L FPLAVOCRISTALA TK SULVAN TTY,

Melanochlora sultanea (Hodys.) : Gudow, Cat, p. O: Sharpe (3),
p. 277; Butler, po 14: Grant (1), p. 76. fd. (3), p. 21.

Melanochlora flavoeristata (Lafr.); Hellinuys, Serreich Parida,
p- 31 (19083) ; Sharpe, Hand-1. Birds, iv., p. 326 (1903).

Abundant nearly everywhere from 2,000 ft. to about 4,000 ft., and
occasionally in the low country at the foot of the main range. It 1s
usually met with in floeks of six or seven aniong high trees at the edge
of clearings or in the jungle.

SIPTTID AG.
2H. DENDROPHILA AZUREA—THE DEEP BLUE NUTILATCH,

Sitta azurea, Less.; Gudow, Cut. Birds Brit. Mus., vi, p. 397
(1883) ; Hartert, p. 573.

Deudrophila azurea (Less.) ; Butler, p.15; Grant (1), p. 76; td. (2),
p. BI.

Fairly comnion on the Selangor main range, but not found below
3,000 ft.

13, DENDROPHILA FRONTALIS SATURATIOR—-THE MALAY NUTHATCH,

Silta frontalis saturatior, Martert, p. 573.

Dendrophila saturatier, Grund (1), p. 76; id. (2), p. 21

Semangko Pass, February, 1908.

Locally distributed up to about 3,0V0 ft.

The above specimen agrees well with a pair from Gunong Angsi,
2,600 ft., Negri Sembilan, and differs from a skin from Trang collected
by Dr. W. L. Abbott in bemg much more intense in colouration.
Malay Peninsula speciinens require comparison with freshly-collected
Javan ones (the type locality) and with Indian skins before the validity
of the sub-species can be considered as established.

CORVIDA.
216, CASS. ROBINSONI—THE MALAY BLUE MAGPIE,

Cissa robinsoni, Grant, Bull. B.O.C., xix., No. exxviii., p. 9 (1906) ;
id, (2), p. 16.

This fine species originally described from a single specimen from
Gunong Tahan has since proved to be very numerous on the Selangor
mountains, especially near the Semangko Pass, whence a large number
of speciinens have been recently obtained: it also occurs at Telom
in the Batang Padang mountains. In all localities it is very wild and
hard tu secure. As is the case with other members of the genus, the
plumage of this bird is extraordinarily sensitive to light and very
slight exposure changes the greenish vellow of the head and budy to
pale blue and the maroen of the primaries to dull grey.

 
 

211

DICRURID AS.
217. DISSEMURUS PARADISEUS—THE LARGE RACKET-TALLED DRONGO.

Dissemurus paradiseus (Linn.) ; Shurpe, Cat. Brit. Mus., ii, p. 258
(1878) ; Hartert, p. 579.

Waterstradt (Hartert, /oc. cit.) is said to have vot this species up to
5,000 ft. on Gunong Tahan. J have never met with it anywhere
above 2,000 ft.

218, BURINGA REMIFER-THE LESSER RACKET-TAILED DRONGO.

Bhringa remifer (Temm.) ; Sharpe, Cat., p. 257; id. (2), p. 434;
Bouhote, p. 59; Hartert, p. 580; Grant (1), p. 68.

Very abundant on all the hills from 2,500-5,000 ft., especially
where there is much bamboo.

219, CIAPTIA MALAVUNSIS—TUL MALAYAN BRONZED DRONGO,

Chaptia malayensis (A. Hay) ; Sharpe, Cat., p. 44.

Chaptia aenea (Vieill.); Grant (1), p. 67; id. (2), p. 17.

Almest as common in the hills as Bhringa remifer in similar situ-
ations, but unlike that species, occasionally found in low country also.
220. DICRURUS ANNECTENS—THE CROW-BILLED DRONGO,

Dicrurus annectens (Hodgs.) ; Sharpe, Cat., p. 231.

2 imm. Ginting Bidei, 2,300 ft. 29th October, 1907.

A migratory species, common on the islands of the Straits of
Malacca and in the coastal districts in the winter mouths. Immature
birds, with a great deal white in the plumage, are always in the
majority.

ORIOLIDA.

221, ORIOLUS CONSANGUINEUS—THE BLACK-AND-RED MOUNTAIN
ORIOLE.

Oriolus consanguineus (Wardl.-Ramsuy) ; Sharpe (2), p. 484;
Bonhote, p. 59; Grant (1), p. 68.

Very abundant on all mountains above 3,500 ft., except Gunong
Tahan, from which it appears to be absent,

The large series before me confirm Mr. Grant’s remarks, loc. cit,
about size. The amount of red on the primary coverts varies very
vreatly, being almost absent im some individuals.

222, UROLONCHA ACUTICAUDA—HODGSON'S MUNIS.

Uroloncha acuticauda (Hodgs.) ; Sharpe, Cat. Birds Brit. Mus.,
xil., p. 356 (1890) ; Butler, p. 20.

Noted by Butler on the Larut Hills at 3,000 ft.; flocks were
occasionally seen at the Semangko Pass in February, 1908.

223, CHLORURA sp—THE MALAYAN GREEN WEAVER FINCH.

Chlorura sp., Grant, Fasc. Mul, Zool., iii., p. 70 (1905),

A single female of this genus was obtained at Telém, Batang
Padang highlands, South Perak, 3,500 ft., in January, 1902, but though

dlar., 1909,
21%

it has been searched for in the same locality on several occasions
sinee, no additional specimens have come to hand. It is probably
distinct from the Kina Balu form, C. borneensis, Sharpe.

2. PYRRHULA WATHERSTRADTI-TNE MALAYAN BULLFINCH,
Pyrrbula waterstradti, Hartert; Nov. Zool., ix., p. 577 (1902) ;
Grant (2), p. 18.
Gunong Ulu Kali, Selangor, -4,800-5,200 ft. February, 1906.
Gunong Mengkuang Lebah, Selangor, +,800-5,200 ft. March, April, 1907,
Semangko Pass, Selangor, 3,500-4,800 ft. February, 1908.

The Malay Bullfinch probably occurs on all the higher mountains of
Selangor wherever Vaceinium and Conifers ure found, though it is
nowhere so ecmmon as it was found to be on Gunong Tahan. Though
carefully searched for, it has not yet been met with on any of the
Perak Hills.

225. MOTACILLA MELANOPE—THE GREY WAGTAIL.

Motacilla melanope (Pall.); Sharpe, Cat. Birds Brit. Mus., x.,
p- 500 (1885) ; id. (2), p. 441; Budler, p. 21; Hartert, p. 575; Grant
(1). p. 71; id. (2), p. 19.

Common on roads, jungle paths and streams throughout the
Peninsula from August to April. '

226, LIMONIDROMUS INDICUS—THE FOREST WAGTAIL,
Limonidromus indicus (Gin.); Sharpe, Cat., p. 532; id. (8), p. 228.
Collected by Wray on the Larut Hills, probably on migration ; it

lias been met with in large flocks among the mangroves on the
coastal districts of Selangor during the winter months.

27, ANTHUS MACULATUS-THE INDIAN TREE PIPFY.

Anthus maculatus (Hodgs.); Sharpe, Cot. Birds Brit. Mus, x.,
p. 947 (1885); Butler, p. 21.

Butler’s specimen, shot on Larut Hills ata height of about 3,700 ft.
in March, 1898, is the only record of this Indian species fur the Malay
Peninsula. It is only a winter visitor to Tenasserim, but is found
during that season in Saigon and Sonthern China.

Omitted by me in my Hand-list of the Birds of the Malay Peninsula,
antes, p. 82.

NECTARINIIDAS.
24, CETHOPYGA WRAVI-WRAYS SUNBERD,

Asthopyea wravi, Sharpe, P.Z.S., 1887, p. 440, pl. xxxviii, fig. 2;
Butler, p. 21: Hertert, p. 573; Grant A), p. 745 fd. (2). p. 19.

Common on all the Peninsula hills, exceeding 3,000 ft. in height,
but not found south of Gunong Ulu Kali im Selangor.

The specnaen from Bukit Kutu that I recorded as Athupyya uno-
mule (antea, p. 82, No, 588) should be referred to this species; it is a
mounted specimen in bad condition, lacking most of the feathers of the
rump.
O13

29, ETIHOPYVG.A TEMMINCKI-HORSPIELD’S SCARLET SUNBERD.

Aithopyga temmincki (S. Mill.) ; Gadow, Cat. Birds Brit. Mus.,
ix., p. 16 (1884); Robinson, Journ. Fed. Malay States Mus., 1, p. 28
(1905).

Bukit Kntu, Ulu Selangor, 3,000 ft. November, 1900, A. L. Butler (ce).
Ginting Bidei, Selangor, 2,300 ft. November, 1907.

Somewhat rare and local, and apparently restricted to a very narrow
zone in altitude. Fairly common on Gunong Angsi, Negri Sembilan,
at a height of about 2,700 ft. in November, 1904. Not met with
on the higher hills.

230, LETHOPYGA ANOMALA—ADBOTT'S SUNBIRD.,

Aithopyga anomala, Richmond, Proc. U.S. Nat. Mus., xii, p. 319
(1900).

This species has been deseribed as near J. saturatior ; it appears,
however, to be closer to 47. wrayi, from which it only ditfers in lack-
ing the yellow rump band.

231, ANTHOTHREPTES RUODOL.AMA—SHELLEY'S SUNBIRD.

Anthothreptes rhodolema, Shelley, Monogr. Nectarin, p. 13;
Hartert, Nov. Zool., ix., pp. 203, 209, 574 (1908).

I cannot recognise this species amongst the very large series of
Anthothreptes malaccensis in the Selangor Musenm.

232, ANTHOTHREPTES IY POGRAMMICA—THE BANDED SUNBIRD.

Anthothreptes hypogrammica (S. Miul.); Gadow, tc, p. 112;
Hartert, p. 574; Grant (1), p. 73; id. (2), p. 19.

é. Semangko Pass, 2,500 ft. February, 1908,

23,29. Ginting Bidei, Selangor, 2,300 ft. October, 1907.

Abundant im deep jungle from 200-2,300 ft., taking the place of
Anthothreptes malaccensis, which is never found far from cultivation.

233. CHALCOPARTA SINGALENSIS—THE RUBY THROAT.
Anthothreptes phaenicotis (Temm.) ; Gadow, tr., p. 121.
Chaleoparia singalensis, Hartert, p. 574.

Collected by Waterstradt on Gunong Tahan between 2,000 and
5,000 ft.; fairly common in the Selangor low country.

931, ARACHNOTHERA LONGIROSTRIS—THE LONG-BILLED SPIDER
HUNTER.

Arachnothera longirostris (Lath.); Gudow, t.e., p. 103; Sharpe,
p. 441; Hartert, p. 574: Grant (1), p. 1.

g. Semangko Pass, Selangor-Pahang boundary, 2,700 ft. February, 1908.

The only specinen I have met with on the hills,
214

235. ARACHNOTUERA MODESTA—THE DULL SPIDER TWUNTER.,
Arachnothera modesta (Eyton); Gadow, tc, p. 107; Hertert,
p. o¢4; Grané (1), p. 72.
Semangko Pass, 2,700 ft. November, 1900. A. lL. Butler [c].

Common in the low country, but evidently rare on the hills.

236, ARACHNOTHERA MAGNA-THE STREAKED SPIDER HUNTER,

Arachnothera magna (Hodgs.); Gadow, t.c., p. 105; Sharpe (2),
p. 441; Buéler, p. 21; Grant (1), p. 73; id. (2), p. 19.

Common on all ihe high hills of the Peninsula above 5,000 ft.
as fay south as Gunong Ulu Kali.

237, ARACHNOTHERA CRASSTROSTRIS—THE THICK-BILLED SPIDER
HUNTER.

Arachnothera crassirostris (Reichenb.); Gadow, te. p. 102;
Bouhote, p. 64; Grant (1), p. 72.

A male was collected at Telém, 3,500 ft. Ist Deeember, 1998.

Widely distributed throughout the Peninsula, but decidedly rare.

DICAID.

238, DIC.EUM TRIGONOSTIGMA—THE ORANGE-BILLED FLOWER-
PECKER,
Diceum trigonostigma (Scop.); Sharpe, Cat. Birds Brit. Mus., x.,
p. 38 (1885): Bonhote, p. 65; Hartert, p. 575; Grant (1), p. 75; id.
(2), p. 20.
¢@ ¢?. Ginting Bidei, Selangor, 2,300 ft. May, 1908.

The upper limit, from which this species has heen recorded, is about
3,300 ft. In orchard land and low country secondary growth, it is
common.

939, DIC.EUM IGNIPECTUS-THE FIRE-BREASTED FLOWER-PECKER.

Diceum ignipectus (Hodgs.); Sharpe, t.c., p. 41; Sharpe (2),
p. 441; Bonhote, p.65; Butler, p. 22; Hartert, p.575; Grant (1), p. 75;
id. @), p. 2U

Met with on nearly all the mountains of the Peninsula, but not

particularly common on any of them and not found below about
3,000 ft
200 ft.

210, PRIONOCIILUS THORACICUS—THE SCARLET-THROATED FLOWER-
PECKER,
Prionochilus thoracicus (Temm.) ; Sharpe, Cut., p. 67; Grant (2),
¢
p. oe

The three specimens collected on Gunong Tahan appear to be the
only record of the species from the Peninsula in recent years. It is,
however, said to oceur in “ Malacca.”
215

211, PRIONOCHILUS MACULATUS-THE SPOTTED FLOWER PECKER.

Prionochilus maculatus (Temm.); Sharpe, tc, p. 69; Buller,
p: 22; Hartert, p. 575; Grant (2), p. 20.

Ginting Bidei, Selangor, 2,300 ft. May, 1908.

Not normally found in the hill country at any great height, but
fairly common at the above locality, where numerous specimens were
collected.

ZOSTEROPID.
22. ZOSTEROPS TANWANENSIS—THUE UPLAND WHITE EYE,

Zosterops aureiventer, Hartert (nec Hume), p. 575; Grant (nee
Hume), (1), p. 75,

Zosterops tahanensis, Grant, Bull. B.O.C., xix., No. exxvii., p. 9
(1906) ; id. (2), p. 21.

3,2 2. Ginting Bidei, Sclangor, 2,300 ft. May, 1908.

These three skins, when compared with a series of twenty-one speci-
mens of typical Z. auretventer, Hume, from the coasts of the Malay
Penmsula and the islands in the immediate vicinity, clearly show the
(ifferences pointed out by Mr. Grant—viz., a darker green upper surface
and darker grey under parts. In addition, the throat is a dull greenish
yellow, not bright clear yellow as in 4. aureiventer, and the white ring
round the eye is not so broad.

 

SUMMARY.

Ou summarising the foregoing list, we find that the mountains of
the Malay Peninsula above the height of 2,500 ft.—the altitude of the
Ginting Bidei Pass—are now known to be inhabited by 242 species,
which, with very few exceptions, are represented by recently collected
specimens of undoubted authenticity; of these 157 species are also .
met with at lower altitudes, and may be divided into the following
clusses :

A.—Migrants of wide distribution and of no importance for
faunal discussion :

1. Rallina superciliaris 8. Poliomyias luteola

2. Caprimuleus jotaka 9. Turdus obscurus

3. Cypselus pacificus 10. Petrophila gularis

4. Cacomantis meruhnus ll. Larvivora cyanea

5. Hierococeyx fugax 12. Acanthopneuste coronata
6. Hirundo gutturalis 15. Motacilla melanope

¢, <Alseonax latirostris | 14. TLimonidromus indicus

15. : Dierurus annectens
1.

>

a

I.

2.

o
o.

am

1

to

rm bo
SoS

ID 1r 19 fo bo
ce

re
Dos

SONNAG

Qt

“I
° .

216

B.—Species ranging from Burma or Tenasserim to the Malay
Peninsula, but no further—i.e., species of Continental Type:

Ceyx tridactyla
Collocalia innominata
Cheetura indica
Dichoceros bicornis
Rhopodytes tristis
Gecinulus viridis

(7
8.
os
10.
1.

12.

Pericrocotas flanmnifer
AMthorhynchus lafresnayei
Pycnonotus finlaysoni
Herpornis zantholeuca
Geocichla innotata
Cittocincla macrura

C.—Species distributed from Tenasserim or beyond, through the
Malay Peninsula to Sumatra and Borneo—v.e., species of Generalised
Malayan Type:

Rollulus roulroul
Butreron capellei
Treron uipalensis
Macropygia ruficeps
Chalcophaps indica
Accipiter gularis
Ictinaetus malayensis
Spizaetus alboniger
Alcedo euryzona
Rhytidoceros undulatus
Anorrhinus galeritus
Berenicornis comatus
Rhinoplax vigil
Nyctiornis amicta
Chetura leucopygialis
Tachornis infumata
Macropteryx longipennis
Macropteryx comata
Pyrotrogon duvauceli
Pyrotrogon orescius
Surniculus lugubris
Centropns sinensis
Zanclostomus javanicus
Urococcyx erythrognathus
Calorhamphus hayi
Cyanops mystacophanes
Geciuus observandus
Gauropicoides rafilesi
Pyrrhopicus porphyromelis
Miglyptes grammithorax
Miglyptes tukki
Micropternus brachyurus
Chrysophlegma malaccense
Chrysophlegma limii
Hemicercus sordidus
69,

36,
3”.
38.
39.
40.
41,
42.
45.
44,
45,
46,
47.
48,
49,

Cp GS Cx Cee
ST ot eR oO |

D8.
59,
60.
61.
Ge.
65.
64.
65.
66.
67.
68.

 

Calyptomena viridis
Eurylamus javanicus
Corydon sumatranus
Cyornis unicolor
Cyornis tickellize
Terpsiphone affinis
Philentoma velatum
Philentoma pyrrhopterum
Culicicapa ceylonensis
Chloropsis zosterops
Chloropsis cyanopogon
Hemixus malaccensis
Microtarsus melanoleueus
Criniger tephrogenys
Alophoixus phzocephalus
Trachycomus ochrocephalus
Tricholestes criniger
Pycnonotus simplex
Rubigula cyaniventris
Turdinus abbotti
Setaria magnirostris
Drymocataphus nigricapita-
tus
Copsychus musicus
Orthotomus atrignlaris
Melanochlora flavocristata
Dissemurus paradiseus
Chaptia malayensis
Chalcoparia singalensis
Munia acuticauda
Anthothreptes hy pogram-
nica
Arachnothera modesta
Arachnothera longirostris
Arachnothera crassirostris

Diceum trigonostigma

 
217

D.— Species ranging from the islands of Sumatra, Borneo, or Java
to the Malay Peninsula, but not to Tenasserim—7.e., species of Insular

 

Type:
1. Rhizothera longirostris ; 26. Rubigula webberi
2. Osmotreron olax 27. Eupetes macrocercus
5. Ptilinopus jambu 28. Pomatorhinus borneensis
4. Carpophaga badia 29. Turdinus sepiarius
5. Buceros rhinoceros 30. Setaria cinerea
6. Lyncornis temmincki 31. Anuropsis malaccensis
¢. Collocalia linchi 32. Aleippe cinerea
5. Chetura gigantea 33. Stachyris davisoni
9. Pyrotrogon neglectus 34. Stachvris poliocephala
10. Rhopodytes sumatranus 35. Stachyris leucotis
11. Chotorhea chrysopogon 36. Stachyris nigricollis
12. Chotorhea versicolor 37. Kenopia striata
13. Mesobuecco duvauceli 38. Mixornis gularis
14. Chrysocolaptes validus 39. Macronus ptilosus
15. Sasia everetti 40. Myiophoneus dicrorhynehus
16. Erythromyias muelleri 41. Geocichla interpres
17. Gerygone modiglianii 42. Hydrocichla ruficapilla
18. Hypothymis azurea 43. Trichixus pyrrhopygus
19. Rhinomyias pectoralis 44. Sutoria maculicollis
20. Stoparola thalassinoides 45, Lanius tigrinus
21. Lalage culminata 46. Tephrodornis gularis
22. Chloropsis icterocephala 47, Athopyga temmincki
25. Hemixus cinereus 48. Anthothreptes rhodolema
24. Tole olivacea 49. Prionochilus thoracicus
25. Criniger finschii 50. Prionochilus maculatus
E.—The following species are peculiar to the Malay Peninsula:
Species. Nearest ally. Locality.
1. Sphenocercus sp. Sp. apicicauda ‘Tenasserim
2. Syrnium maingayi S. indranee S. India
3. Pernis tweedalii P. cristatus Tenasserim and
Borneo
4. Indicator malayanus I. archipelagicus Borneo
5. Irena cyanea I. puella Tenasserim
6. Turdinus macrodactylus T. rufipectus Stunatra
7. Turdinulus granti T. roberti Tenasserim
8. Stachyris poliogaster S. rufifrons .
9. Platylophus ardesiacus P. coronatus Sumatra and
Borneo
10. Dendrophila saturatior D. frontalis Tenasserim

Out of the 142 species that remain in this section, after excluding
15 migrant forms, no less than 122 are of distinctly Malayan type,
while only 20 are confined to the mainland of Asia or, in the case of
peculiar species, most closely related to species so confined.
218

We may, therefore, conclude that the bulk of the submontane avi-
fauna (and by subinontane is meant the region from about 3,000 ft.
in altitude to the limits of the coastal zone) has been derived from the
Sunda Tslands to the East, West and South, and has not spread over
the Peninsula by way of Tenasserim and Burma.

The remaining 85 species in the list are, so far as is at present
known, strictly confined to the mountains above 3,000 ft., and imelude
the greater portion of the species peculiar to the Peninsula.

On analysing the list in the same manner as the preceding section,
we find that—

Seven species are migrants, met within the winter only :

1. Cuculus poliocephalus 4, Cyanoptila bella
2. Hemichelidon ferruginea 5. Cichloselys sibirica
5. Heinichelidon fuliginosa | 6. Monticola solitaria

7. Anthus maculatus

Eighteen species oeeur elsewhere in the mountains of Tenasserim—viz.,

1. Syrmum newarense 10. Criniger ochraceus

2. Glancidium brodiei 11. Otocompsa flaviventiis
3. Pvrotrogon erythrocephalus | 12. Drymoeataphus tickelli
4. Cvyanops ramsayi 15. Pteruthius eralatus

5. Pyrrhopicus pyrrhotis 14. Mesia argentauris

6. Psarisomus dalhousiz _ 15. Notodela leucura

7. Nitidula hodgsoni | 16. Henicurus schistaceus

8. Pericrocotus fraterculus 17. Arachnothera magna

18. Diceeum ignipectus

‘

9. Chloropsis hardwickii

Fleven are high level Sumatran species—viz.,

1. Macropygia leptogrammica 6. Melanocichla ligubris
2. Cyanops oorti 7. Rhinocichla mitrata
3.  Psilopogon pyrolophus 8. Stachyris bocagei

+. Niltava decipiens — 9. Turdinus loricatus

5. Cryptolopha trivirgata 10. Sibia simillima

11. Pnoepyga lepida
eed
Three species are found elsewhere only in Borneo—viz.,
1. Phyllergates cinereicollis j 2. Abrornis schwaneri
3. Muscicapula westermanni

Four are common to the Malay Peninsula, Sumatra and Borneo—viz.,

1. Pericrocotus montanus 3. Hierococcyx bocki
2. Oriolus consanguineus 4, Picunmnus innominatus

Three are found in the Malay Peninsula, Sumatra and Cochin-
china—viz.,
1. Chetura cochinchinensis | 2. Cyornis concreta

3. Bhringa remifer *

 

* Also in Java.
9

19.

Two range from Tenasserim to Borneo—viz.,

1.

Hemipus picatus *

2. Rhipidura albicollis(=atrata,

Salvad.)

One is met with only in Malay Peninsula, Java and Timor—viz.,

1. Dendrophila azurea

While the remaining 56 species are peculiar to the Malay Peninsula,

nearest allies:

wre

19,
20.
21.

23.

25,

Name.

Rheinwardtius nigrescens
Arboricola campbelli
Polyplectron inopinatus

Sphenocercus robinsoni

Heteroscops vulpes
Gecinus rodgeri

Gecinus robinsoni
Chrysophlegma wrayi
Serilophas rothsehildi
Anthipes malayana
Cyornis malayensis
Muscicapula malayana
Cryptolopha butler
Cryptolopha davisoni
Artamides larutensis
Tole peracensis
Gampsorhynchus saturatior
Trochalopteron peninsule
Pomatorhinus wrayi
Corythocichla leucosticta
Aleippe peracensis
Pseudominla soror
Myiophoneus robinsoni
Brachypteryx wrayi
Siva malayana

Siva sordidior

Cutia cervinicrissa
Pteruthius tahanensis
Oreocichla affinis

Suva waterstradti

Cissa robinsoni

Pyrrhula waterstradti

Allied species.
R. ocellatus
A. rubrirostris
P. chalenrus

( Sp. korthalsi
(Sp. permagnus

H. luciz

G. chlorogaster
G. oecipitalis
Ch. flavinneha
5. lunatus

A. submoniliger
C, oatesi

M. hyperythra
C. castaneiceps
C. montis

A. larvatus

I. tickelhli

G. torquatus

T. melanostigma
P. tickelli

C. striatus

A. nipalensis

P. castaneiceps
M. cyaneus

B. nipalensis

S. castaneicanda
S. sordida

C, nipalensis

P. melanotis

O. horsfieldi

S. superciliaris

( Cissa minor

CC. jeffreyi

P. nipalensis

Mountain species peculiar to the Malay Peninsula, with their

Locality,

Tndo-China
Sumatra

»
50
Too Choo Is-
Jands
Borneo
'l'enasserim

oF

P

9

%

9
Himalayas
Borneo
Java
‘Tenasserim

$9

$e

a9

”

+

Java
Tenasserim

9

of
KXaren-nee
Tenasserim
Java
Tenasserim
Sumatra
Borneo
Tenasserim

 

* Hemipus tutermedius, Salvad., in Sumatra.
Name, Allied species, Loeality.
33. Chlorura sp. C. borneensis Borneo
34. Athopyga anomala AB. saturata Tenasserim
35, Athopyga wravi As. saturata -
36, Zosterops tahanensis 4%, aureiventer Tenasserim,
Java

With regard to the range of the endemic Peninsular forms, it may
be noted that they are very evenly distributed throughont the main
range, from as far north as has been explored to Gunong Ulu Wali in
Selangor ; south of Ginting Bidei in Selangor, practically all disappear ;
Gunong Angsi in Negri Sembilan, 3,000 ft., app., and Mt. Ophir
on the borders of Malacca and Johore possessing none,

The hills hehind Lakon in the N.-E. Coast of the Peninsula, which
attain a height of over 5,000 ft. and have not vet been explored, may
possibly yield further species, in view of the fact that the Trang hills
on the same latitude on the West Coast, which are, however, of less
elevation, undoubtedly possess certain mountain forms; the specific
distinctness, however, of a proportion of the forms described therefrom
is open to qnestion.

Further analysis of this list of 77 resident mountain species
discloses the fact that the larger proportion is derived from Tenasserim
und the mainland of Asia, and not from the Sunda Islands, as is the ease
with the submontane forms, which is elearly shown by the following
tables :

Submontane avifanna, 142 species —

No. Per cent,
Peculiar species a ve a 10 oe 7.0
Speeies oceurring on mainland only 15 a 9.3
7 - islands only... 50 35.2
, of continental facies i 20 cee 14.1
,, of msular facies _ a. LT? 85,9
Montane avifauna, 77 species—
No. Per cent,
Peculiar species a oe _ 36 - 46.8
Species oceurring on mainland only 18 _ 93.4
- » islands only... 18 - 23.4
» Of continental facies ee 44. _ 57.1 )
» Of insular facies ... ve 28 we 36.4 - 100
Neutral _ - _ = 5 _ 6.5)

On going throngh the list in detail, one is struck, on the whole, by
the lack of differentiation in the species ; for, though 46 out of the 242
are not found elsewhere, hardly any of them are much more than sib-
species and only nine or ten are really distinct forms. The mountains
of the Malay Peninsula have been about equally well explored with
Kina Baln, and what they lack in height, as compared with that
mountain, they make up in area. The present list comprises 242
221
species included in 176 genera, while Whitchead records 159 species
in 124 venera from the Bornean mountain.

But the Malay Peninsula contains no peculiar genus, while Kina
Balu possesses no less than seven—viz.,

Chliamydochera Orthnocichla
Oreoctistes Allocotops
Chlorocharis Androphilus

Hematortyx
Several genera oveur both in Tenasserim, Borneo and Sumatra,

but find no representative species in the Malay Peninsula—viz.,

Merula | Staphidia

Garrulax

nor are—

Cettia
found on Kina Balu, met with here.

 

Hyloterpe

On the other hand, Himalayaic genera, not met with in the Sunda
Islands, occur in the Peninsula—viz.,

Serilophus Pseudominla
Nitidula | Siva
Gampsorhynchus Cutia
Trochalopteron i Pyrrhula

As do also representatives of the Sumatran genera:
Rhinocichla
Melanocichla
which are not met with either in Tenasserim or Borneo.

Chalcurus (Polyplectron)
Psilopogon

 

Those few mammals that are known to be confined to the high
mountains support the view that the fauna of the central chain has
been very largely derived from the continental land masses to the North.
These species are :

Nanie. Nearest ally. Locality.
Seirus castaneiventris griseo- Se. ¢. griseopectus Assam
pectus

Selurus tenis taban Sc. tenuis Low country,
Malay Penin-

sula

Seurus miacclellandi novemli- Sc. me. typicus Tenasserim

neatus

Funambulus rufigenis belfieldi fF. rufigenis typicus e

Mus ciliatus Mus edwardsi Yunnan

Mus ferreocanus Mus berdmoyei Mergui

Mus bukit Mus jerdoni Tenasserint

In conclusion, it may, I think, be taken as proved:

(1) That the origin of the submontane species of the Peninsula
is Indo-Malayan and comparatively recent in time, the species have
spread N.-W. from the Sunda Islands rather than 8.-E. from Burma,
999

on! ont one

(2) That the actual mountain fauna is composed of two elements——
Wiz,
(w) Continental,
(b) Sunatran,

(a) is largely in excess and consists of species, for the
most part, identical or only shghtly differentiated
from the congeneric forms in Tenasserim and
Burma at similar elevations ; :

(b) is less dominant and comprises species identical
with or very closely allied to West Sumatran
mountain species.

(3) That the connection with the Bornean mountain fauna is very
distant. We may also infer that, at some geological epoch by no
means distant, the land area of the Peninsula was very much less than
is at present the case, and that the connection with Tenasserim has
been continuous or only interrupted for very brief spaces both in time
and distance.

(4) That there has been a direet land connection with Sumatra, also
in comparatively recent times.

(5) That the southern portion of the Peninsula-—from some point
N. of the mouth of the Muar River, meluding Mt. Ophir, and the area
on the east side of the Peninsula, south of the Pahang River, at its
confluence with the Triang—has been at some very recent time discon-
nected with the mainland. This is shown, by the entire absence of all
Tenasserim and endemic species of birds, and by the faet that the line
roughly indicated is the southern boundary of such continental
mammals, as Sc. concolor and Sc. macclellandi; while it is the
northern limit of such insular forms as Sus vittatus and Sc. penin-
sularis.

F.M.S. Government lress.
 
 
da. Museums
- (1906/9)

296012
Ve

Malay States, Federat
Journal.

Sci
M

anpoiWER

 

a

 

 

University of Toronto
Library

DO NOT
‘REMOVE

THE

‘CARD |
FROM

THIS
POCKET

 

 

 

 

Acme Library Card Pocket
Under Pat. “Ref. Index Filo”’
Made by LIBRARY BUREAU

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
